aaronite, aeration
reabandon, abandoner
abdominovaginal, vaginoabdominal
vesicoabdominal, abdominovesical
bicrenate, abenteric
batement, abetment
earthborn, abhorrent
abhorrer, harborer
ablactate, cabaletta
masticable, ablastemic
obtainal, ablation
ablepsia, epibasal
abutilon, ablution
reabolish, abolisher
bacterioid, aborticide
torbanite, abortient
robotian, abortion
bravoite, abortive
abrasion, sorabian
albatros, abrastol
abristle, libertas
reabsent, absenter
absorber, reabsorb
academite, acetamide
acalepha, acephala
acalephae, apalachee
acalephan, acephalan
calyptratae, acalyptrate
acanthia, achatina
calathian, acanthial
chinanta, acanthin
chaotical, acatholic
acaudate, ecaudata
retrocaecal, accelerator
peccation, acception
reaccession, accessioner
accipitres, preascitic
analectic, acclinate
reaccomplish, accomplisher
accorder, reaccord
carucate, accurate
accusable, subcaecal
acephali, phacelia
phalaecian, acephalina
arecaceae, aceraceae
aceraceous, arecaceous
acervate, revacate
acervation, vacationer
avirulence, acervuline
coadamite, acetamido
acetanion, antoecian
acetation, itaconate
acetmethylanilide, methylacetanilide
acetonuria, aeronautic
acetopyrin, capernoity
cruciate, aceturic
acheirus, eucharis
anchoretic, acherontic
acherontical, anchoretical
euchlaena, acheulean
heliacal, achillea
achromat, trachoma
chromatician, achromatinic
claudicate, aciculated
cantharidae, acidanthera
mediatrice, acidimeter
acidophilous, aphidicolous
aciniform, formicina
acipenserid, presidencia
acleistous, ossiculate
acontium, aconitum
tacsonia, acontias
anticous, acontius
carinatae, acraniate
acridian, cnidaria
dicoumarin, acridonium
acrimonious, isocoumarin
sicarius, acrisius
acrocera, caracore
alcicornium, acroclinium
trochila, acrolith
alcoranic, acronical
cleopatra, acropetal
socratical, acrostical
socratically, acrostically
socraticism, acrosticism
acrotism, rotacism
prothoracic, acrotrophic
actaeonidae, donatiaceae
actifier, artifice
actiniform, naticiform
naticine, actinine
actinism, manistic
actinogram, morganatic
precantation, actinopteran
actinost, oscitant
actinula, nautical
biclavate, activable
cavitate, activate
activation, cavitation
actomyosin, inocystoma
strophaic, actorship
autocrat, actuator
mniaceous, acuminose
unaccumulate, acutenaculum
acuteness, encaustes
acutorsion, octonarius
acylation, claytonia
cynogale, acylogen
diastema, adamsite
adoptian, adaption
adaptionism, adoptianism
unmadded, addendum
addicent, dedicant
saddling, addlings
readdress, addresser
tampioned, ademption
adendric, riddance
pentadecoic, adenectopic
adenochondroma, chondroadenoma
cystoadenoma, adenocystoma
adenofibroma, fibroadenoma
palaemonoid, adenolipoma
adenosarcoma, sarcoadenoma
lycaenid, adenylic
adeptness, pedantess
adequation, deaquation
aphodian, adiaphon
adipocere, percoidea
readjust, adjuster
adlumine, unmailed
adminicle, medicinal
misadvise, admissive
admittee, meditate
admonisher, rhamnoside
domination, admonition
dominative, admonitive
admonitor, dominator
adnascence, ascendance
ascendant, adnascent
radioman, adoniram
adoptional, aplodontia
roadability, adorability
adorable, roadable
proadmission, adpromission
adrienne, adrenine
adrenolytic, declinatory
adrenotropic, incorporated
adscendent, descendant
laudation, adulation
adulator, laudator
laudatory, adulatory
adulterine, laurentide
dauntless, adultness
sudation, adustion
vedantism, adventism
vedantist, adventist
unaverted, adventure
aecidioform, formicoidea
aedilian, laniidae
aedility, ideality
erigenia, aegirine
ariegite, aegirite
aeolharmonica, chloroanaemia
socialite, aeolistic
aerarian, arenaria
aerogenic, recoinage
aerographer, areographer
aerographic, areographic
aerographical, areographical
aerography, areography
areologic, aerologic
aerological, areological
aerologist, areologist
areology, aerology
areometer, aerometer
areometric, aerometric
aerometry, areometry
aeronautism, measuration
epichorial, aerophilic
aortectasis, aerostatics
chaetites, aesthetic
aethalioid, haliotidae
eastabout, aetobatus
affecter, reaffect
affiance, caffeina
affirmer, reaffirm
afflicter, reafflict
fregatae, afterage
afterblow, batfowler
forcemeat, aftercome
prefactor, aftercrop
afterguns, transfuge
aftermath, hamfatter
afterstate, aftertaste
afunctional, unfactional
sporangia, agapornis
garcinia, agaricin
genesiac, agenesic
agenesis, assignee
alginate, agential
negative, agentive
agregation, aggeration
signalese, agileness
magnetist, agistment
agminate, agmatine
agminated, diamagnet
coasting, agnostic
santiago, agonista
ergastic, agrestic
agricolist, algoristic
paginary, agrypnia
ailantine, antialien
airdrome, armoried
perianal, airplane
airplanist, triplasian
allantoic, alantolic
ambarella, alarmable
alarmedly, medallary
marginal, alarming
alarmingly, marginally
alastrim, alarmist
salariat, alastair
alaternus, saturnale
albardine, drainable
albarium, brumalia
albertina, trainable
rationable, alboranite
blazoner, albronze
antelabium, albuminate
alburnum, laburnum
lancasterian, alcantarines
chemical, alchemic
hemiclastic, alchemistic
clathrina, alchitran
aldamine, lamnidae
aldeament, mandelate
aldermanry, marylander
aleconner, noncereal
alectryon, tolerancy
alemanni, melanian
alestake, eastlake
aleuronic, urceolina
alexandrian, alexandrina
alfenide, enfilade
algedonic, genocidal
algernon, nonglare
algometer, glomerate
algometric, melotragic
magnolia, algomian
algorithm, logarithm
algorithmic, logarithmic
algraphic, graphical
liability, alibility
alienation, alineation
rationale, alienator
milesian, alienism
glaireous, aligerous
alignment, lamenting
alikeness, leakiness
marteline, alimenter
alimonied, maleinoid
aliseptal, pallasite
vealiness, aliveness
alkalizer, lazarlike
allecret, cellaret
allegate, ellagate
legislator, allegorist
generall, allergen
galleria, allergia
allergin, gralline
labiella, alliable
labially, alliably
alliance, canaille
alliancer, ralliance
allocation, locational
loculate, allocute
allocution, loculation
allogenic, collegian
lalopathy, allopathy
allopatric, patrilocal
ethnological, allothogenic
macaglia, almaciga
laminated, almandite
almerian, manerial
colalgia, alogical
alpestral, palestral
cephalin, alphenic
alphonse, phenosal
haplosis, alphosis
antislip, alpinist
alrighty, arightly
alstonidine, nonidealist
tensional, alstonine
matralia, altamira
altarist, striatal
alterable, relatable
tarletan, alterant
altitude, latitude
latitudinal, altitudinal
latitudinarian, altitudinarian
altrices, selictar
ultraist, altruist
aluminate, alumniate
aluminide, unimedial
silicoaluminate, aluminosilicate
ligature, alurgite
amaethon, thomaean
maintain, amanitin
amanitine, inanimate
inamorata, amatorian
amaurosis, mosasauri
anatomize, amazonite
ambivert, verbatim
blamingly, amblingly
tambreet, ambrette
saboraim, ambrosia
maleficiation, amelification
lomentaria, ameliorant
amenability, nameability
nameable, amenable
melanorrhea, amenorrheal
ametrope, metapore
amherstite, hemistater
amicicide, cimicidae
monodelphia, amidophenol
animation, amination
aminoplast, plasmation
maharani, amiranha
amissness, massiness
omasitis, amitosis
melamine, ammeline
ammonolytic, commonality
ammunition, antimonium
amnestic, semantic
amnionata, anamniota
mication, amniotic
momotinae, amniotome
microtia, amoritic
amphoric, amorphic
amphorous, amorphous
amortize, atomizer
pimelate, ampelite
implicate, ampelitic
permeameter, amperemeter
hypomanic, amphicyon
musophagine, amphigenous
amphophilic, amphiphloic
hippodamous, amphipodous
pastophorium, amphitropous
haptometer, amphorette
metaphoric, amphoteric
palamite, ampliate
palmification, amplification
myelonal, amylenol
mydaleine, amylidene
amyotrophy, myoatrophy
anacreontic, canceration
ascanius, anacusis
danainae, anadenia
anaeretic, ecarinate
analcitite, catalinite
analeptical, placentalia
analogic, calinago
analogist, nostalgia
seamanite, anamesite
anamirta, araminta
andriana, anandria
anaphoric, pharaonic
anaphorical, pharaonical
anapsida, anaspida
captation, anaptotic
characin, anarchic
arachnism, anarchism
anarthropod, arthropodan
anastaltic, catalanist
anatidae, taeniada
anatocism, anosmatic
pathologicoanatomic, anatomicopathologic
pathologicoanatomical, anatomicopathological
physiologicoanatomic, anatomicophysiologic
anatomism, nomismata
entosarc, ancestor
lancaster, ancestral
anchietin, cathinine
hanseatic, anchistea
anchored, rondache
trichomanes, anchoretism
cerynean, ancyrene
dianetics, andesitic
gynandrous, androgynus
andronicus, unsardonic
dynamotor, androtomy
coadnate, anecdota
menostasia, anematosis
anemograph, phanerogam
phanerogamic, anemographic
phanerogamy, anemography
lodgeman, angeldom
angelically, englacially
angelique, equiangle
cholangioitis, angiocholitis
chondroangioma, angiochondroma
angiofibroma, fibroangioma
keratoangioma, angiokeratoma
anglaise, gelasian
angleworm, lawmonger
ranginess, angriness
gaetulan, angulate
anharmonic, monarchian
somasthenia, anhematosis
trachinoid, anhidrotic
anhistous, isanthous
anhydridize, hydrazidine
anhydrize, hydrazine
ciconian, aniconic
aniconism, insomniac
anicular, caulinar
indicial, anilidic
maniable, animable
limacina, animalic
animater, marinate
animating, imaginant
tamanoir, animator
anisilic, sicilian
sondation, anisodont
isopodan, anisopod
anisuria, isaurian
ankyroid, dikaryon
annaline, linnaean
annalist, santalin
annalize, zelanian
manatine, annamite
annelism, linesman
anneloid, nonideal
tenonian, annotine
annoyancer, rayonnance
annualist, sultanian
annulation, unnational
tunnelman, annulment
uninodal, annuloid
anodynic, cydonian
anoestrous, treasonous
anoestrum, neuromast
canoeing, anogenic
palaemonid, anomaliped
anomalism, malmaison
atonalism, anomalist
anomiidae, maioidean
anomodont, monodonta
monaural, anomural
typhoean, anophyte
harmonics, anorchism
trithionate, anorthitite
hoarstone, anorthose
orientate, anoterite
ansation, sonatina
reinsane, anserine
arsenous, anserous
reanswer, answerer
antagonism, montagnais
antagonist, stagnation
antanemic, cinnamate
antarchistical, charlatanistic
antecornu, connature
antedate, edentata
cannulate, antelucan
antelude, unelated
anteluminary, unalimentary
delaminate, antemedial
anteroinferior, inferoanterior
anterosuperior, superoanterior
whitmanese, anthemwise
anthericum, narthecium
tachinidae, anthicidae
athenian, anthinae
anthogenous, neognathous
anthonomus, monanthous
anthophile, lithophane
anthropic, rhapontic
britannia, antiabrin
trainage, antiager
antialbumid, balantidium
antiaris, intarsia
benzantialdoxime, antibenzaldoxime
nubilate, antiblue
ataentsic, anticaste
inclinatorium, anticlinorium
inculcation, anticouncil
antireactive, anticreative
tetanoid, antidote
dictational, antidotical
antietam, manettia
exterminate, antiextreme
nitrifaction, antifriction
unfainting, antifungin
antigenic, gentianic
raglanite, antiglare
negation, antigone
antiheroic, theorician
antilipase, sapiential
antipole, antilope
antimallein, inalimental
squamatine, antimasque
antimodern, ordainment
lamination, antimonial
antimonic, antinomic
antinomy, antimony
antimoral, tailorman
antimosquito, misquotation
antinepotic, pectination
triannulate, antineutral
latinian, antinial
antinome, nominate
antinomian, innominata
antiphonetic, pentathionic
antiphonic, napthionic
typhonian, antiphony
antiphrasis, artisanship
diapnotic, antipodic
appointe, antipope
antiprotease, entoparasite
antiptosis, panostitis
tripudiant, antiputrid
antipyretic, pertinacity
antiquer, quartine
bestiarian, antirabies
antiracer, tarriance
stationarily, antiroyalist
ruminator, antirumor
naturist, antirust
paintiness, antisepsin
inspissate, antisepsis
antiseptic, psittacine
antiserum, misaunter
panaceist, antispace
antistes, titaness
antitheism, themistian
antitonic, nictation
deportation, antitorpedo
attainder, antitrade
antitropic, tritanopic
practitional, antitropical
latinate, antliate
antproof, tanproof
antronasal, nasoantral
contrapose, antroscope
antroscopy, syncopator
nototrema, antrotome
antrustion, nasturtion
senarius, anuresis
aoristic, iscariot
apachite, hepatica
panatrophy, apanthropy
capitate, apatetic
aperitive, petiveria
apertured, departure
hepatize, aphetize
parochialism, aphorismical
diastrophic, aphrodistic
piacular, apicular
apivorous, oviparous
apochromat, archoptoma
apocrita, aproctia
hypocarp, apocryph
apolaustic, autopsical
apolistan, lapsation
operatical, aporetical
aportoise, esotropia
aposporous, aprosopous
apostrophus, pastophorus
isoheptane, apothesine
trappean, apparent
reappeal, appealer
applauder, reapplaud
applicator, procapital
reappoint, appointer
apportion, appointor
reapportion, apportioner
appraisable, parablepsia
apprehender, reapprehend
approacher, reapproach
apronless, responsal
episodial, apsidiole
apterial, parietal
apteroid, proteida
aquabelle, equalable
aqueoigneous, igneoaqueous
loquacious, aquicolous
aracanga, caragana
arachidonic, characinoid
arachnitis, christiana
breastrail, arbalister
arboretum, tambourer
arborist, ribroast
arbuscle, buscarle
charisma, archaism
archapostle, thecasporal
archcount, crouchant
chromidae, archidome
rachitis, architis
cochleare, archocele
tocharian, archontia
protheca, archpoet
pretracheal, archprelate
arcticize, cicatrize
arcubalist, ultrabasic
arenicole, arecoline
ricinoleate, arenicolite
argentamid, marginated
garneter, argenter
augmenter, argenteum
citrange, argentic
argentiferous, garnetiferous
argentina, tanagrine
argentine, tangerine
integrate, argentite
gerontal, argentol
argenton, negatron
neotragus, argentous
argentum, argument
nigerian, arginine
argolian, gloriana
sugarlike, arguslike
arianrhod, hordarian
tiarella, arillate
aristeas, asterias
aristulate, australite
marginate, armangite
marianne, armenian
granatum, armgaunt
ramiferous, armiferous
armigerous, ramigerous
armplate, malapert
macrotia, aromatic
arrector, carroter
arrester, rearrest
arresting, astringer
coarrange, arrogance
arrogant, tarragon
arrogative, variegator
serenata, arsenate
arseniate, saernaite
uniserrate, arseniuret
pyroarsenite, arsenopyrite
errantia, artarine
arterial, triareal
autoriser, arterious
chondroarthritis, arthrochondritis
arthromere, metrorrhea
ostearthritis, arthrosteitis
lacertid, articled
ascender, reascend
sciatical, ascitical
spalacine, asclepian
ascolichen, chalcosine
ashimmer, haremism
sialidae, asilidae
asiphonate, asthenopia
aspartic, satrapic
stenopaic, aspection
capsulate, aspectual
separate, asperate
presager, asperger
splairge, aspergil
asperite, parietes
aspermia, sapremia
aspermic, sapremic
repasser, asperser
asperulous, pleasurous
aspidinol, diplasion
aspirata, parasita
parasite, aspirate
aspiringly, praisingly
asporous, saporous
reassail, assailer
beamless, assemble
asserter, reassert
resistable, assertible
assertional, sensatorial
nassidae, assidean
ossetian, assiento
assigner, reassign
reassist, assister
associationism, misassociation
salmonsite, assoilment
astrantia, astartian
astatine, sanitate
asterikos, keratosis
troiades, asteroid
protease, asterope
asthmogenic, mesognathic
astigmism, sigmatism
somatous, astomous
sedation, astonied
astragali, tarsalgia
astringent, transigent
roomstead, astrodome
forestal, astrofel
roastable, astrolabe
asyllabic, basically
asynergia, gainsayer
atabrine, rabatine
atacaman, tamanaca
atchison, chitosan
atherine, herniate
thetical, athletic
statelich, athletics
atlantic, tantalic
dilatant, atlantid
atlantite, tantalite
dealation, atloidean
geomantic, atmogenic
shapometer, atmosphere
steatoma, atmostea
citatory, atrocity
attacher, reattach
attacker, reattack
attempter, reattempt
attention, tentation
attentive, tentative
attentively, tentatively
tentativeness, attentiveness
attester, reattest
reattract, attracter
tractator, attractor
titration, attrition
cautionary, auctionary
enicuridae, audiencier
guatusan, augustan
auletris, lisuarte
aulostoma, autosomal
auntsary, unastray
auricled, radicule
auriscalp, spiracula
saturnalia, australian
australic, lactarius
musicate, autecism
autophyte, authotype
vacuolate, autoclave
heteroousiast, autoheterosis
tautomeric, autometric
autometry, tautomery
autoplast, postulata
captious, autopsic
radioautograph, autoradiograph
autoradiographic, radioautographic
autoradiography, radioautography
venetian, aventine
uninervate, aventurine
avertible, veritable
varicula, avicular
avignonese, ingaevones
ovational, avolation
violational, avolitional
avoucher, reavouch
reawaken, awakener
aweather, wheatear
baalshem, shamable
babishly, shabbily
babishness, shabbiness
nabobishly, babylonish
crabhole, bachelor
cabrilla, bacillar
backblow, blowback
backfall, fallback
fireback, backfire
stopback, backstop
backswing, swingback
backward, drawback
bacterial, calibrate
bracteiform, bacteriform
centibar, bacterin
bacterium, cumbraite
cantabri, bactrian
baculite, cubitale
baculites, bisulcate
baculoid, cuboidal
badigeon, gabioned
subulate, baetulus
baetylic, biacetyl
baillone, bonellia
libament, bailment
bairnish, bisharin
jacobian, bajocian
balaenid, baladine
barnacle, balancer
bangalay, balangay
laborant, balatron
unsatiable, balaustine
balaustre, saturable
baldmoney, molybdena
baldness, bandless
cebalrai, balearic
balinger, ringable
reballast, ballaster
reballot, balloter
preallably, ballplayer
ballroom, moorball
ballweed, weldable
balminess, lambiness
lamblike, balmlike
cabalism, balsamic
baluster, rustable
bandarlog, langobard
banderma, breadman
bandoleer, banderole
handbook, bandhook
rebanish, banisher
banjoist, bostanji
bebatter, barbette
barbotine, barbitone
caballer, barcella
rabidness, bardiness
barefaced, facebread
barefoot, bearfoot
barehead, braehead
rebargain, bargainer
bargeese, begrease
brambrack, barmbrack
thermobarograph, barothermograph
barranca, barracan
barrelet, terebral
batterer, barrette
bryanite, barytine
cabalist, basaltic
diiambus, basidium
bladewise, basilweed
basinasal, bassalian
basiparachromatin, marsipobranchiata
workbasket, basketwork
bassanite, sebastian
bastille, listable
bastionet, obstinate
tabulare, bataleur
nabothian, bathonian
tabophobia, batophobia
brachiata, batrachia
batrachian, branchiata
batteler, berattle
battening, bitangent
hypnobate, batyphone
demisable, beadleism
bowmaker, beamwork
definable, beanfield
bearance, carabeen
breadless, beardless
breadlessness, beardlessness
bestially, beastlily
becrimson, scombrine
bedismal, semibald
bedoctor, codebtor
beswinge, beeswing
befathered, featherbed
befinger, befringe
gettable, begettal
beggarer, rebeggar
behaviorism, misbehavior
rebehold, beholder
belitter, tribelet
nonliable, bellonian
rebellow, bellower
bellypinch, pinchbelly
belonger, rebelong
timbered, bemitred
workbench, benchwork
benighted, benedight
benefiter, rebenefit
fluorobenzene, benzofluorene
nitrobenzol, benzonitrol
prebeset, bepester
prestable, beplaster
beraunite, unebriate
breeding, beringed
libertine, berlinite
bermudite, demibrute
berossos, obsessor
shrubbery, berrybush
brighten, berthing
borolanite, bertolonia
beryllia, reliably
bodewash, beshadow
bestiary, sybarite
bestowal, stowable
rebestow, bestower
bestride, bistered
tearably, betrayal
unrabbeted, beturbaned
bewailer, rebewail
bhandari, hairband
bialveolar, labiovelar
biangular, bulgarian
moabitic, biatomic
prebacillary, bicarpellary
rubrical, bicrural
indebted, bidented
subimago, bigamous
tangibile, bigential
liberian, bilinear
broadbill, billboard
billeter, rebillet
bobtailed, bilobated
myliobatid, bimodality
bimotors, robotism
woodbind, bindwood
mobilian, binomial
incurable, binuclear
biopsychological, psychobiological
psychobiology, biopsychology
sociobiological, biosociological
pretibial, bipartile
prisonable, bipersonal
cibarial, biracial
seedbird, birdseed
birdstone, stonebird
satiable, bisaltae
importable, bitemporal
bitonality, notability
blackacre, crackable
bleaberry, blaeberry
blastema, lambaste
cembalist, blastemic
blasting, stabling
blastoderm, dermoblast
blastogenic, genoblastic
meroblastic, blastomeric
blastomycetic, cytoblastemic
cytoblastemous, blastomycetous
rebleach, bleacher
bleating, tangible
blendure, rebundle
blondine, blennoid
nobleman, blennoma
blepharocera, reproachable
therblig, blighter
bristlewort, blisterwort
obligant, bloating
bloodleaf, floodable
blotless, boltless
bottling, blotting
bluegill, gullible
bluenose, nebulose
blushiness, bluishness
blunderer, reblunder
bostangi, boasting
boathouse, houseboat
boethian, nebaioth
bogeyman, moneybag
boglander, longbeard
overboil, boilover
ordinable, bolderian
bondless, boldness
bolthead, theobald
mobbable, bombable
cabombaceae, bombacaceae
bonefish, fishbone
boneless, noblesse
bonitary, trainboy
bookcase, casebook
bookland, landbook
bookshop, shopbook
woodbark, bookward
bookwork, workbook
boomingly, myoglobin
bordello, doorbell
broderer, borderer
goblinry, boringly
coenobiar, borocaine
hydrofluoboric, borofluohydric
borrower, reborrow
eosinoblast, bosselation
botanical, catabolin
botanophilist, philobotanist
redoubling, bouldering
bounding, unboding
braceleted, celebrated
faciobrachial, brachiofacial
brachiopode, cardiophobe
cartable, bracteal
obsecrate, bracteose
bragless, garbless
branchiae, brainache
brainwater, waterbrain
brakeage, breakage
rebranch, brancher
branchiopoda, podobranchia
rebrandish, brandisher
strobilate, brasiletto
brawling, warbling
brawlingly, warblingly
turbaned, breadnut
outbreak, breakout
breakover, overbreak
stonebreak, breakstone
windbreak, breakwind
brigantes, breasting
breastpin, stepbairn
breastweed, sweetbread
bridally, ribaldly
bridelace, calibered
drawbridge, bridgeward
rebroach, broacher
broadcaster, rebroadcast
headboard, broadhead
sideboard, broadside
broadspread, spreadboard
broadtail, tailboard
brominate, tribonema
bromohydrate, hydrobromate
brothelry, brotherly
wrainbolt, browntail
brunellia, unliberal
brushland, shrubland
shrubless, brushless
shrublet, brushlet
brushlike, shrublike
brushwood, shrubwood
cervicobuccal, buccocervical
bucconasal, nasobuccal
bushbuck, buckbush
budgeter, rebudget
buffeter, rebuffet
housebug, bughouse
umbiliform, bulimiform
bulletin, unbillet
bullfeast, stableful
unlabored, burdalone
burdener, reburden
burletta, rebuttal
fireburn, burnfire
burnisher, reburnish
overburn, burnover
burnsides, sideburns
woodbush, bushwood
butleress, tuberless
buttoner, rebutton
cacodaemonic, cacodemoniac
cacomistle, cosmetical
excecation, cacoxenite
taccaceae, cactaceae
cactaceous, taccaceous
cadential, dancalite
caeciliae, ilicaceae
caedmonian, macedonian
caedmonic, macedonic
caesarist, staircase
glaceing, cageling
claimant, calamint
calamitean, catamenial
calendar, calander
calandrinae, calendarian
lacerative, calaverite
calcareocorneous, corneocalcareous
siliceocalcareous, calcareosiliceous
larcenic, calciner
calycular, calculary
calculative, claviculate
laodicean, caledonia
celadonite, caledonite
calendarial, dalecarlian
encradle, calender
crenulate, calenture
calfkill, killcalf
calidity, dialytic
calipers, spiracle
caliphate, hepatical
calligraphy, graphically
lipoclasis, calliopsis
callisection, clinoclasite
callitype, plicately
callosal, scallola
callosity, stoically
mollusca, callosum
clamative, calmative
calmierer, reclaimer
ectocranial, calonectria
calorist, coralist
calorize, coalizer
dilatometric, calotermitid
clavaria, calvaria
schalmei, camelish
camellus, sacellum
cameograph, macrophage
demarcate, camerated
caodaism, camisado
pangamic, campaign
recampaign, campaigner
camphire, hemicarp
pentatomic, camptonite
canariote, ceratonia
reactance, cancerate
cancroid, draconic
chaperone, canephore
parochine, canephroi
laconica, canicola
cankerworm, crownmaker
cotesian, canoeist
canoodler, coronaled
cantilena, lancinate
trivalence, cantilever
connatal, cantonal
paranosic, caparison
capeline, pelecani
capernaite, paraenetic
deprecation, capernoited
implacental, capillament
piratically, capillarity
capitellar, prelatical
capstone, opencast
scapular, capsular
capsulated, scapulated
scapulectomy, capsulectomy
specular, capsuler
coracial, caracoli
sandarac, carandas
cardigan, carangid
carpaine, carapine
carbamide, crambidae
carbamine, crambinae
carbamino, macrobian
carbohydride, hydrocarbide
carcinoma, macaronic
carcinosarcoma, sarcocarcinoma
cardinal, clarinda
cardioid, caridoid
eradicant, carinated
rackingly, carkingly
carmelite, melicerta
carminette, remittance
dinoceratan, carnationed
carnelian, encranial
carneous, nacreous
carniolan, nonracial
carnosity, crayonist
cortinate, carnotite
lecanora, carolean
conarial, carolina
inorganical, carolingian
parcellary, carpellary
proethical, carpholite
carpiodes, scorpidae
carpocerite, reciprocate
coprolagnia, carpogonial
petricola, carpolite
spermocarp, carposperm
carsmith, chartism
zelatrice, cartelize
sectarianism, cartesianism
cartilage, rectalgia
scortation, cartoonist
cashable, chasable
sacklike, casklike
sacalait, castalia
castalian, satanical
castelet, telecast
castores, coassert
outscream, castoreum
cestodaria, castoridae
causality, casuality
casually, causally
salaceta, catalase
catalogue, coagulate
catalyte, cattleya
particulate, catapultier
schematic, catechism
catechol, coachlet
geocratic, categoric
catenated, decantate
cerastes, cateress
cathartae, tracheata
stephanic, cathepsin
catherine, heritance
charette, catheter
cathograph, tachograph
intactile, catlinite
monastical, catmalison
taconian, catonian
catonism, monastic
protactic, catoptric
constate, catstone
tacitness, cattiness
caudodorsal, dorsocaudal
femorocaudal, caudofemoral
laterocaudal, caudolateral
coumalic, caulomic
sauceless, causeless
cautelous, lutaceous
cautioner, cointreau
vacillation, cavillation
cavitied, vaticide
ceanothus, oecanthus
diligence, ceilinged
decennial, celandine
celature, ulcerate
celebrate, erectable
terebilic, celtiberi
cenosity, cytosine
screenless, censerless
sarcoline, censorial
censureless, recluseness
cyanuret, centaury
entrance, centenar
renitence, centenier
centermost, escortment
centesimal, lemniscate
melicraton, centimolar
centranth, trenchant
excarnation, centraxonia
dorsocentral, centrodorsal
doctrine, centroid
centrolineal, crenellation
centunculus, unsucculent
unrecited, centuried
epilachna, cephalina
pholcidae, cephaloid
meningocephalitis, cephalomeningitis
petrochemical, cephalometric
podocephalous, cephalopodous
increase, cerasein
raticide, ceratiid
ceratium, muricate
ceratosa, ostracea
ceratothecal, chloracetate
cerebric, cerberic
cerdonian, ordinance
cerebroma, embraceor
cerebromeningitis, meningocerebritis
cumberer, cerebrum
ceremonial, neomiracle
coenurus, cernuous
ceroplast, precostal
coreplasty, ceroplasty
certifiable, rectifiable
rectificative, certificative
certificator, rectificator
certificatory, rectificatory
rectified, certified
rectifier, certifier
certitude, rectitude
cerulean, laurence
cervicodorsal, dorsocervical
cervicodynia, corycavidine
faciocervical, cervicofacial
cervicolabial, labiocervical
vesicocervical, cervicovesical
cervuline, virulence
esoterical, cesarolite
enaction, cetonian
urosthenic, cetorhinus
chaenolobus, unchoosable
gnathotheca, chaetognath
chaetopod, podotheca
chainlet, ethnical
chinaman, chainman
chamberer, rechamber
chiasmal, chamisal
champain, chinampa
chanchito, nachitoch
hacienda, chanidae
channeler, encharnel
chaparro, parachor
chapelet, peachlet
spermathecal, chapelmaster
proseneschal, chaperonless
chapiter, phreatic
richardia, charadrii
trochidae, charioted
charleen, charlene
charterer, recharter
ratching, charting
rechasten, chastener
yachtist, chastity
subchela, chasuble
chatelainry, trachylinae
chatsome, moschate
thanatotic, chattation
woodchat, chatwood
peachery, cheapery
sphecidae, cheapside
teachable, cheatable
teachableness, cheatableness
teaching, cheating
teachingly, cheatingly
hetaeric, cheatrie
cheiropodist, coeditorship
chelidonate, endothecial
chelodina, hedonical
cheloniid, lichenoid
chemicomechanical, mechanicochemical
chemicophysical, physicochemical
chemicovital, vitochemical
chemiloon, homocline
chemotaxy, myxotheca
hellenic, chenille
ponchoed, chenopod
chestily, lecythis
chiastolite, heliostatic
chilopod, pholcoid
chilopoda, haplodoci
schooltime, chilostome
chinotti, tithonic
eolithic, chiolite
chionididae, onchidiidae
pharisaic, chirapsia
chiromancist, monarchistic
chiromant, chromatin
chromatinic, chiromantic
rheometric, chirometer
polyarchist, chiroplasty
peritroch, chiropter
opisthorchis, chirosophist
theorics, chirotes
chirotype, hypocrite
rechisel, chiseler
dithionic, chitinoid
chloranthy, rhynchotal
chlorate, trochlea
homerical, chloremia
clothier, chlorite
trochilic, chloritic
melanochroi, chloroamine
choleromania, chloroanemia
iodochloride, chloroiodide
chloroplatinic, platinochloric
colchian, cholanic
cholecystoduodenostomy, duodenocholecystostomy
cholerine, rhinocele
cholesteremia, heteroecismal
chondrite, threnodic
chondrocostal, costochondral
fibrochondroma, chondrofibroma
chondrolipoma, lipochondroma
myxochondroma, chondromyxoma
chondromyxosarcoma, myxochondrosarcoma
chorditis, orchidist
chordotonal, notochordal
ochidore, choreoid
orchiocele, choriocele
chorioidoretinitis, retinochorioiditis
rheostatic, choristate
christen, snitcher
rechristen, christener
christina, christian
christophe, hectorship
dichromat, chromatid
thoracectomy, chromatocyte
tichodroma, chromatoid
enomotarch, chromatone
trichome, chromite
chromocyte, cytochrome
chromolithography, lithochromography
photochromography, chromophotography
chromophotolithograph, photochromolithograph
isocamphor, chromopsia
photochronograph, chronophotograph
chronophotographic, photochronographic
chronophotography, photochronography
psychorrhagy, chrysography
chrysotile, chrysolite
chrysopid, dysphoric
chumship, chumpish
haruspices, chuprassie
cicerone, croceine
ciclatoun, noctiluca
conicine, ciconine
coinitial, ciliation
conchinine, cinchonine
decursion, cinderous
megachiropteran, cinematographer
inceration, cineration
glucinum, cingulum
nonclaim, cinnamol
mannonic, cinnamon
cinnamoned, demicannon
craterid, cirrated
cirrhotic, trichroic
citromyces, cirsectomy
cisplatine, plasticine
inspection, cispontine
cissoidal, dissocial
cisternal, larcenist
cistvaen, vesicant
citharist, trachitis
diachoretic, citharoedic
urticose, citreous
intrication, citrination
interlocal, citronella
evection, civetone
cladophyll, phylloclad
clamatores, scleromata
clamorist, crotalism
glancingly, clangingly
clasping, scalping
misclass, classism
classwork, crosswalk
searcloth, clathrose
craterlet, clatterer
dulciana, claudian
claustral, lacustral
clavacin, vaccinal
outlance, cleanout
clearable, lacerable
lysogenetic, cleistogeny
clericature, recirculate
clerkess, reckless
reckling, clerking
cleveite, elective
clidastes, discastle
genetical, clientage
denticle, cliented
fictional, cliftonia
pathologicoclinical, clinicopathological
clinoclase, oscillance
coolingly, clinology
clinometer, recoilment
necropolis, clinospore
clipsome, polemics
loricati, clitoria
clitoridean, directional
coistril, clitoris
cloacinal, cocillana
coistrel, cloister
sclerotial, cloisteral
tonicoclonic, clonicotonic
closterium, sclerotium
clumsily, scyllium
pulicene, clupeine
mycelian, clymenia
clypeolate, ptyalocele
cnidophore, princehood
lociation, coalition
solicitation, coalitionist
coaltitude, colatitude
morocota, coatroom
cocainist, siccation
cocamine, comacine
ochlesitic, cochleitis
codirector, cocreditor
coderive, divorcee
coelection, entocoelic
gonyocele, coelogyne
croconate, coenactor
ecostate, coestate
forecast, cofaster
coferment, forcement
cogeneric, concierge
cognatical, galactonic
cognation, contagion
cognition, incognito
gnomonical, cognominal
coinclude, undecolic
coinherence, incoherence
coinherent, incoherent
maconite, coinmate
precision, coinspire
colcothar, ochlocrat
colectomy, cyclotome
colemanite, melaconite
collaret, corallet
collarino, coronilla
collatee, ocellate
collationer, recollation
recollection, collectioner
collegial, gallicole
teocalli, colletia
colligate, cotillage
coralline, collinear
isoclinal, collinsia
polycotyl, collotypy
collusive, colluvies
coloenteritis, enterocolitis
colombian, colombina
colonalgia, naological
ecotonal, colonate
oscillation, colonialist
proctocolitis, coloproctitis
colorman, conormal
colpeurynter, counterreply
orographical, colporrhagia
coltskin, linstock
columbotitanate, titanocolumbate
documental, columnated
columned, uncledom
molybdenic, combinedly
metaconid, comediant
comedown, downcome
incomeless, comeliness
comingle, comeling
recomfort, comforter
nonmetric, comintern
comitragedy, tragicomedy
commander, recommand
commation, monatomic
commelina, melomanic
commender, recommend
commentarial, manometrical
commination, monamniotic
commissioner, recommission
recompact, compacter
comparition, proamniotic
compasser, recompass
contemperate, compenetrate
competitioner, recompetition
complier, compiler
compliant, complaint
complanate, placentoma
recompound, compounder
recomprehend, comprehender
compressed, decompress
comprise, perosmic
compromission, procommission
coumarin, conarium
conative, invocate
concealer, reconceal
reconnect, concenter
concentive, connective
concertize, concretize
concessioner, reconcession
reconcoct, concocter
concreter, reconcert
concretor, conrector
condemner, recondemn
recondition, conditioner
monodactylous, condylomatous
tepecano, conepate
reconfess, confesser
configurationism, misconfiguration
confirmer, reconfirm
confirmor, corniform
falconet, conflate
conformer, reconform
reconfound, confounder
reconfront, confronter
congealer, recongeal
congeneric, necrogenic
necrogenous, congenerous
congenial, goclenian
coregent, congreet
congreve, converge
conicoid, conoidic
reconjoin, conjoiner
nonaction, connation
conventical, connectival
connoissance, nonaccession
conoidal, dolciano
conringia, inorganic
conversable, conservable
conservancy, conversancy
conversant, conservant
conversation, conservation
conservational, conversational
conversationist, conservationist
conversative, conservative
conserve, converse
conserver, converser
considerate, desecration
devisceration, considerative
considered, deconsider
considerer, reconsider
consigner, reconsign
snipocracy, conspiracy
conspire, incorpse
constitutionalism, misconstitutional
constitutioner, reconstitution
transonic, constrain
constructer, reconstruct
misconstruction, constructionism
consulage, glucosane
cynosural, consulary
consulter, reconsult
mucrones, consumer
contender, recontend
recontest, contester
continued, unnoticed
nonlicet, contline
crotonate, contortae
covenanter, contravene
tetronic, contrite
contrive, invector
conturbation, obtruncation
reconvention, conventioner
reconvert, converter
ventricose, convertise
reconvey, conveyer
conycatcher, technocracy
corynine, conyrine
coolweed, locoweed
octoroon, coonroot
copalite, poetical
portance, coparent
copartner, procreant
pacation, copatain
procanal, coplanar
copleased, escaloped
copperer, recopper
coprinus, poncirus
topographics, coprophagist
copulate, outplace
poculation, copulation
recopyright, copyrighter
coquitlam, quamoclit
icacorea, coraciae
rascacio, coracias
coradicate, ectocardia
corallina, corallian
lectorial, corallite
crocodile, cordicole
directoire, cordierite
sclerose, coreless
coresidual, radiculose
cosigner, coresign
criminatory, coriamyrtin
corindon, nodicorn
rockiness, corkiness
undercoat, cornuated
reoccupation, cornucopiate
uncloister, cornulites
corollated, decollator
coronated, creodonta
corporealist, prosectorial
recorrection, correctioner
corrente, terceron
porrection, correption
recordation, corrodentia
recorrupt, corrupter
cortical, crotalic
cortices, cresotic
corticose, creosotic
veronica, corvinae
hypercone, coryphene
societal, cosalite
cosharer, horsecar
cosmetician, encomiastic
pansciolist, costispinal
sternocostal, costosternal
vertebrocostal, costovertebral
customer, costumer
courtesy, cosurety
scusation, cosustain
election, coteline
octillion, cotillion
cotranspire, pornerastic
cotripper, periproct
osculatory, cotylosaur
countercarte, counteracter
countercharm, countermarch
counterguard, uncorrugated
counteridea, decurionate
counterpaly, counterplay
counterseal, countersale
nectareous, countersea
countershade, decantherous
uncontrasted, counterstand
reluctation, countertail
countertrades, unstercorated
involucrate, countervail
couplement, uncomplete
couponed, uncooped
orbicular, courbaril
scouring, coursing
outcrier, courtier
courtiership, peritrichous
turcoman, courtman
couthily, touchily
touchiness, couthiness
couthless, touchless
coversine, vernicose
crackmans, cracksman
malcreated, cradlemate
mesaraic, cramasie
cyanometric, craniectomy
craniognomy, organonymic
crapulous, opuscular
crateful, fulcrate
terraciform, crateriform
crateris, serratic
craterous, recusator
cratometric, metrocratic
creasing, scirenga
traceable, creatable
incinerate, creatinine
creationary, reactionary
reactionist, creationist
reactive, creative
reactively, creatively
creativeness, reactiveness
reactivity, creativity
crebrous, obscurer
creditable, directable
creditive, directive
creditor, director
creditorship, directorship
creditress, directress
creditrix, directrix
interceder, crednerite
misdeclare, creedalism
predecree, creepered
cremation, manticore
mercator, cremator
mercatorial, crematorial
crenelate, lanceteer
intolerance, crenelation
crenitic, cretinic
necrology, crenology
crepidula, pedicular
princesse, crepiness
crepitant, pittancer
piecrust, crepitus
licensor, cresolin
crestline, stenciler
stereometric, crestmoreite
direction, cretinoid
thyrocricoid, cricothyroid
crimeful, merciful
crimeless, merciless
crimelessness, mercilessness
criminalese, misreliance
crimpage, pergamic
crinanite, natricine
dicentra, crinated
cristopher, rectorship
criteria, triceria
tricerion, criterion
tricerium, criterium
necrotic, crocetin
crocodilite, crocidolite
crossite, crosstie
crossover, overcross
crosstied, dissector
rectoress, crosstree
crotaloid, doctorial
croupily, polyuric
curdwort, crudwort
cruisken, unsicker
crurogenital, genitocrural
inguinocrural, cruroinguinal
scrutate, crustate
crustation, scrutation
crustily, rusticly
crustiness, rusticness
predictory, cryptodire
cryptomeria, imprecatory
prostatectomy, cryptostomate
ctenidial, identical
monticule, ctenolium
ctenophore, nectophore
ctetology, tectology
cuailnge, glaucine
cuarteron, raconteur
cubanite, incubate
culinary, uranylic
cultivar, curvital
inculture, culturine
cumulite, lutecium
pudicity, cupidity
uncopied, cupidone
cupreous, upcourse
pasticheur, curateship
nocturia, curation
curatory, outcarry
curialist, rusticial
slouchiness, cushionless
dicyanine, cyanidine
cyanophycin, phycocyanin
macilency, cyclamine
indirectly, cylindrite
cymometer, mecometry
cynaroid, dicaryon
philocynic, cynophilic
cyphonism, symphonic
poticary, cyrtopia
cystitis, scytitis
cystofibroma, fibrocystoma
lithocyst, cystolith
cystomyxoma, myxocystoma
nephrocystosis, cystonephrosis
cystopyelitis, pyelocystitis
urethrocystitis, cystourethritis
cytherean, enchytrae
cytisine, syenitic
cytomere, merocyte
cytophil, phycitol
cytosome, otomyces
hydrotical, dacryolith
dactylonomy, monodactyly
dactylopteridae, pterodactylidae
dactylopterus, pterodactylus
standage, dagestan
dalesman, leadsman
dallying, ladyling
damewort, wardmote
damnation, mandation
damnatory, mandatory
damonico, monoacid
detainal, danalite
teardown, danewort
dangerful, gardenful
gardenless, dangerless
sudanese, danseuse
dargsman, dragsman
redarken, darkener
darshana, shardana
dartrose, roadster
dysneuria, dasyurine
detassel, dateless
subtread, daubster
dawdling, waddling
waddlingly, dawdlingly
dawnlike, wandlike
deaconship, endophasic
endboard, deadborn
endeared, deadener
deckload, deadlock
dealable, leadable
dealership, leadership
mesadenia, deaminase
debutant, unbatted
debutante, unabetted
dodecarch, decachord
decalitre, decaliter
decametre, decameter
desecrate, decastere
received, deceiver
medically, decimally
decimate, medicate
decimation, medication
decimestrial, sedimetrical
sextodecimo, decimosexto
demiracle, declaimer
redactional, declaration
declinate, encitadel
decollate, ocellated
ocreated, decorate
sectroid, decorist
trisected, decretist
decurrency, recrudency
deerhair, dehairer
deerhorn, dehorner
doorweed, deerwood
redefault, defaulter
defensor, foresend
flowered, deflower
unfelted, defluent
fornicated, deforciant
forested, deforest
reformed, deformer
degarnish, garnished
degasser, dressage
degelation, delegation
dehortation, theriodonta
dialectic, deictical
deification, edification
edificatory, deificatory
palaeechinoid, deinocephalia
deistically, dialystelic
diphysite, deityship
delayful, feudally
delegatory, derogately
delicateness, delicatessen
gelatined, delignate
delimitation, mniotiltidae
rondeletia, delineator
derailment, delirament
redeliver, deliverer
delphinius, sulphinide
deluding, ungilded
unsoiled, delusion
delusionist, indissolute
deluster, ulstered
redemand, demander
maddening, demanding
demandingly, maddeningly
demantoid, dominated
demarcation, democratian
enamored, demeanor
dementia, mendaite
dominance, demicanon
demilustre, demiluster
demiparallel, imparalleled
embodier, demirobe
demiturned, undertimed
redemolish, demolisher
seminomadic, demoniacism
demonial, melanoid
demonish, hedonism
murderer, demurrer
demurring, murdering
demurringly, murderingly
denature, undereat
tindered, dendrite
reindeer, denierer
emendation, denominate
detonable, denotable
detonation, denotation
detonative, denotative
devonite, denotive
denouncer, unencored
seerhand, denshare
denshire, drisheen
dentalism, dismantle
dentatoserrate, serratodentate
dentatosinuate, sinuatodentate
unarticled, denticular
dentinitis, tendinitis
dentinoma, nominated
labiodental, dentolabial
dentolingual, linguodental
denudative, undeviated
underaction, denunciator
pentaploid, deoppilant
redepend, depender
petticoated, depetticoat
depiction, pectinoid
diplotene, depletion
deploration, periodontal
polished, depolish
positioned, deposition
despoliation, depositional
pterideous, depositure
pervader, depraver
pervadingly, depravingly
precedable, deprecable
predeication, depreciation
partedness, depressant
deprival, prevalid
deprivate, predative
depriver, predrive
unparted, depurant
depuration, portunidae
deranged, gardened
deranger, gardener
deregister, registered
derelict, relicted
ordinative, derivation
revalidation, derivational
dermatic, timecard
neurodermatosis, dermatoneurosis
dermatophone, herpetomonad
dermosclerite, sclerodermite
trogonidae, derogation
regrinder, derringer
descender, redescend
discerption, description
detersion, desertion
deshabille, shieldable
discoactine, desiccation
desilver, silvered
redisable, desirable
siderous, desirous
desition, sedition
desmopathy, phymatodes
priodontes, desorption
despairing, spinigrade
desperation, esperantido
despiser, disperse
despoiler, leprosied
despotat, postdate
timidness, destinism
elaterid, detailer
redetect, detecter
determinant, detrainment
threnode, dethrone
tetraodon, detonator
retracted, detracter
developer, redevelop
devitrify, fervidity
dewiness, wideness
dextraural, extradural
sinistrodextral, dextrosinistral
dyehouse, deyhouse
diabolist, idioblast
indicate, diacetin
lyctidae, diacetyl
diaclase, sidalcea
diaeretic, icteridae
diagenetic, digenetica
diageotropism, geodiatropism
lacertoid, dialector
trailside, dialister
diallelon, llandeilo
sigmoidal, dialogism
inanimated, diamantine
diameter, diatreme
phronimidae, diamorphine
diaspinae, diapensia
diaphote, hepatoid
diphtherian, diaphtherin
diapnoic, pinacoid
rachidial, diarchial
diastrophy, dystrophia
diatomean, mantoidea
domitian, diatomin
diatropism, prismatoid
endopathic, dictaphone
dictionary, indicatory
tileyard, dielytra
digester, redigest
diligentia, digitalein
goniatitid, digitation
digitonin, indigotin
digredient, reddingite
dilacerate, lacertidae
diluvian, induvial
soredium, dimerous
diminisher, rediminish
myrianida, dimyarian
dineuric, eurindic
windgall, dingwall
hernioid, dinheiro
dioeciopolygamous, polygamodioecious
diogenite, gideonite
dioptral, tripodal
tripodic, dioptric
tripodical, dioptrical
dromicia, dioramic
dioscorein, dioscorine
sciuroid, dioscuri
diosmotic, sodomitic
unimparted, diparentum
diphosphate, phosphatide
prandial, diplanar
epidural, dipleura
dipleural, preludial
pseudophallic, diplocephalus
diploetic, lepidotic
dipsaceous, spadiceous
dipteraceous, epiceratodus
tripedal, dipteral
dipterological, pteridological
pteridologist, dipterologist
pteridology, dipterology
portside, dipteros
directly, tridecyl
dirgelike, ridgelike
disadventure, unadvertised
redisappear, disappearer
disarmed, misdread
disastimeter, semistriated
distraite, disattire
disburse, subsider
rescinder, discerner
rescindment, discernment
sicklied, disclike
discontinuer, undiscretion
discounter, rediscount
rediscover, discoverer
sericated, discreate
discreetly, discretely
discreteness, discreetness
pederastic, discrepate
soricident, discretion
doctrinairism, discriminator
disculpate, spiculated
discusser, rediscuss
disenact, distance
downside, disendow
indentwise, disentwine
hydramnios, disharmony
intershade, dishearten
dishling, hidlings
ironshod, dishonor
idealistic, disilicate
misprovide, disimprove
lactoside, dislocate
disremember, dismemberer
disparage, grapsidae
tridiapason, disparation
dispatcher, redispatch
dispensable, piebaldness
piedness, dispense
pedalist, dispetal
epidermis, dispireme
redisplay, displayer
displeaser, pearlsides
openside, disponee
disporum, misproud
predespair, disprepare
redispute, disrepute
disscepter, disrespect
tiredness, dissenter
statesider, dissertate
disserve, dissever
dissolve, voidless
distater, striated
sigillated, distillage
redistill, distiller
distinguisher, redistinguish
distrainer, redistrain
distrait, triadist
redisturb, disturber
disulphone, unpolished
indusiform, disuniform
untiaraed, diuranate
induration, diurnation
misdivision, divisionism
doctorship, trophodisc
stegodon, dogstone
watchdog, dogwatch
lodesman, dolesman
domanial, domainal
dominate, nematoid
donatism, saintdom
donorship, rhodopsin
reformado, doorframe
odorless, doorless
doorplate, leptodora
doorstop, doorpost
roodstone, doorstone
dopplerite, lepidopter
dormancy, mordancy
dorothea, theodora
prosodiacal, dorsoapical
dorsolateral, laterodorsal
mediodorsal, dorsomedial
sacrodorsal, dorsosacral
dorsoventrad, ventrodorsad
dorsoventral, ventrodorsal
ventrodorsally, dorsoventrally
mediocrist, dosimetric
downbear, rawboned
godwinian, downingia
downtake, takedown
downthrow, throwdown
downturn, turndown
downward, drawdown
draconis, sardonic
dracontian, octandrian
dragonize, organized
gadroonage, dragoonage
drainage, gardenia
drainman, mandarin
drawable, wardable
drawbore, wardrobe
lifeward, drawfile
drawgate, gateward
headward, drawhead
drawhorse, shoreward
drawsheet, watershed
postward, drawstop
redamage, dreamage
dreamhole, heloderma
dreamish, semihard
raddleman, dreamland
dreiling, gridelin
mandrill, drillman
screwdrive, drivescrew
grudgery, druggery
tabitude, dubitate
unstocked, duckstone
nuculidae, duculinae
unalmsed, dulseman
unomitted, dumontite
dunderpate, undeparted
unpickled, dunpickle
duodenal, unloaded
duodenojejunal, jejunoduodenal
duodenopancreatectomy, pancreatoduodenectomy
undertide, durdenite
electrodynamic, dynamoelectric
dynamoelectrical, electrodynamical
dyophone, honeypod
dysluite, sedulity
naileress, earliness
earlship, pearlish
easternly, earnestly
earringed, grenadier
rhaetian, earthian
earthiness, heartiness
heartless, earthless
heartling, earthling
heartnut, earthnut
earthpea, heartpea
earthquake, heartquake
earthward, heartward
earwitness, wateriness
easement, estamene
unboasted, eastbound
easterling, generalist
ebenales, lebanese
inurbane, eburnian
lardacein, ecardinal
misecclesiastic, ecclesiasticism
echeveria, reachieve
hecatine, echinate
echinital, inethical
eckehart, hacktree
spliceable, eclipsable
economics, neocosmic
mesotonic, economist
ecorticate, octaeteric
ecrasite, sericate
tentacle, ectental
topchrome, ectomorph
reaccost, ectosarc
neotropic, ectropion
edgerman, gendarme
editorial, radiolite
eelspear, prelease
eightsome, egotheism
ideograph, eidograph
ideology, eidology
tearable, elabrate
mesocephaly, elaphomyces
elaphurus, sulphurea
elastomer, salometer
electoral, recollate
glycerate, electragy
tercelet, electret
lectrice, electric
magnetoelectric, electromagnetic
electromagnetical, magnetoelectrical
electrothermic, thermoelectric
thermoelectrometer, electrothermometer
elegiambus, iambelegus
selagite, elegiast
plancheite, elephantic
retaliate, elettaria
overlate, elevator
elfishness, fleshiness
trioleic, elicitor
eliminand, mindelian
ellenyard, learnedly
elohimic, hemiolic
legioner, eloigner
eloignment, omnilegent
lavenite, elvanite
elytroposis, proteolysis
elytrous, urostyle
emmarble, embalmer
embryoid, reimbody
ephemeris, emeership
ondameter, emendator
meriones, emersion
mansioneer, emersonian
remigate, emigrate
remigation, emigration
emirship, imperish
missayer, emissary
empathic, emphatic
emphatically, empathically
emphasis, misshape
empiristic, empiricist
employer, polymere
emporial, proemial
palmitone, emptional
empyesis, pyemesis
emulation, laumonite
solenium, emulsion
emundation, mountained
octenary, enactory
rosaniline, enaliornis
enaluron, neuronal
enanthem, menthane
enantiomer, renominate
enarthrosis, nearthrosis
pelecanus, encapsule
encaustic, succinate
meningoencephalitis, encephalomeningitis
encephalomeningocele, meningoencephalocele
encephalomyelitis, myeloencephalitis
rechange, encharge
linolenic, encinillo
recounsel, enclosure
neurogenic, encoignure
meconium, encomium
olecranon, encoronal
entocornea, encoronate
encratism, miscreant
encrinital, tricennial
nycteridae, encyrtidae
engrainedly, endearingly
madeline, endemial
endocrine, enderonic
sideronatrite, endoarteritis
endocline, indolence
endosarc, secondar
moonseed, endosome
endosporium, imponderous
leadstone, endosteal
undryable, endurably
unringed, enduring
underlying, enduringly
regenesis, energesis
energeticist, energetistic
energical, generical
steering, energist
venerate, enervate
veneration, enervation
venerative, enervative
engirdle, reedling
greenland, englander
reshingle, englisher
engrailed, geraldine
realignment, engrailment
engraphic, preaching
enlisted, lintseed
nonrebel, ennobler
maeonian, enomania
enorganic, ignorance
unmorose, enormous
sootiness, enostosis
entophytic, enphytotic
legendary, enragedly
rondelle, enrolled
ensepulchre, ensepulcher
unshored, enshroud
syngenic, ensigncy
ensilver, sniveler
enspirit, pristine
untreatable, entablature
enterogastritis, gastroenteritis
enteroid, orendite
enteropexy, oxyterpene
motherland, enthraldom
entincture, unreticent
lientery, entirely
eternity, entirety
ethanoyl, entohyal
melanotic, entomical
entomion, noontime
monophylite, entomophily
entomotomy, omentotomy
entophyte, tenophyte
tetraonine, entoretina
enzootic, entozoic
entreating, interagent
entrepas, septenar
importune, entropium
enumeration, mountaineer
enunciation, incuneation
enunciator, uncreation
envelope, ovenpeel
enverdure, unrevered
eophyton, honeypot
eosaurus, rousseau
raphaelic, eparchial
pinachrome, epharmonic
epicentral, parentelic
lipocyte, epicotyl
periacinal, epicranial
epiderma, premedia
epididymovasostomy, vasoepididymostomy
epilabrum, impuberal
polianite, epilation
epilatory, petiolary
epipastic, epipactis
epiplasm, palmipes
epiploic, epipolic
epirotic, periotic
episclera, periclase
septicemia, episematic
epistatic, pistacite
episternum, uprisement
spirelet, epistler
epistoma, metopias
epistome, epsomite
epistroma, peristoma
epithecate, petechiate
hemitype, epithyme
peritomize, epitomizer
proteinic, epornitic
pelusios, epulosis
epulotic, poultice
epuration, eupatorin
inequity, equinity
equitable, quietable
quietist, equitist
erasmian, raiseman
gentrice, erecting
materiel, eremital
tropeine, ereption
erethismic, hetericism
erethistic, hetericist
merginae, ergamine
ergomaniac, grecomania
erigeron, reignore
serialist, eristalis
eristical, realistic
eucharist, erithacus
erotesis, isostere
errabund, unbarred
eruciform, urceiform
overcurious, erucivorous
eruction, neurotic
erumpent, untemper
unitrope, eruption
gynerium, eryngium
erythrin, tyrrheni
heterography, erythrophage
erythrophyllin, phylloerythrin
pyrotheria, erythropia
espacement, escapement
tocharese, escheator
obeliscal, escobilla
escropulo, supercool
unselect, esculent
esiphonal, phaseolin
eskualdun, euskaldun
esophagogastrostomy, gastroesophagostomy
trisetose, esoterist
esotrope, proteose
interspace, esperantic
esperantism, strepsinema
esperanto, personate
messines, essenism
essonite, ossetine
esterling, steerling
estivage, vegasite
estonian, nasonite
estradiol, idolaster
estriate, treatise
gerontes, estrogen
streamline, eternalism
etherization, heterization
etherize, heterize
shemitic, ethicism
oldhamite, ethmoidal
ethmosphenoid, sphenoethmoid
sphenoethmoidal, ethmosphenoidal
hyetograph, ethography
ethologic, theologic
ethology, theology
recusant, etruscan
eucalypteol, eucalyptole
neurectopia, eucatropine
uglisome, eulogism
plumeous, eumolpus
spiculate, euplastic
uninnate, eutannin
eutheria, hauerite
eutropic, outprice
everwhich, whichever
evildoer, overidle
vilehearted, evilhearted
evitation, novitiate
overcoat, evocator
exanimation, examination
exasperation, xenoparasite
exceptant, expectant
exceptive, expective
intoxicate, excitation
exhilarate, heteraxial
expatiater, expatriate
operatrix, expirator
extropical, explicator
expressionism, misexpression
extirpationist, sextipartition
unexactly, exultancy
factable, labefact
factional, falcation
fishfall, fallfish
fallible, fillable
flatboat, faltboat
fameless, selfsame
selfsameness, famelessness
farmable, framable
forensal, farnesol
footrail, farolito
fashioner, refashion
fasthold, holdfast
landfast, fastland
findfault, faultfind
sufflate, feastful
featherer, hereafter
unfaceted, fecundate
unfactored, fecundator
feteless, feetless
pantofle, felapton
felinity, finitely
feltness, leftness
tibiofemoral, femorotibial
referment, fermenter
ferrihydrocyanic, hydroferricyanic
ferrohydrocyanic, hydroferrocyanic
feudalism, sulfamide
feulamort, formulate
fiberware, fibreware
fibrolipoma, lipofibroma
fibromucous, mucofibrous
myofibroma, fibromyoma
myxofibroma, fibromyxoma
myxofibrosarcoma, fibromyxosarcoma
neurofibroma, fibroneuroma
fibroserous, serofibrous
fleckiness, fickleness
fidicula, fiducial
fiedlerite, friedelite
fieldman, inflamed
fiendish, finished
fifteener, teneriffe
fruitage, figurate
lifelike, filelike
refilter, filterer
shelflist, filthless
flirtable, filtrable
flirtation, filtration
rifeness, finesser
refinger, fingerer
fingerflower, fringeflower
fringeless, fingerless
fingerlet, fringelet
refinish, finisher
gripeful, fireplug
tasheriff, fireshaft
forestine, firestone
sherifate, fisheater
fishpond, pondfish
foolship, fishpool
woodfish, fishwood
folletage, flageolet
flandowser, sandflower
flatwise, saltwife
fleshful, shelfful
refluxed, flexured
trifling, flirting
triflingly, flirtingly
nonfertile, florentine
foralite, floriate
fornical, florican
floridan, florinda
flourisher, reflourish
outfling, flouting
reflower, flowerer
fluctuant, untactful
flutework, flukewort
fluorate, outflare
neurofil, fluorine
lungfish, flushing
foregate, fogeater
foliature, toluifera
fomenter, refoment
sorefoot, footsore
forecaster, reforecast
overforce, forecover
foregirth, foreright
forelive, overfile
forename, foremean
forinsec, forensic
prefator, forepart
foresign, foresing
forestage, fosterage
foretaste, forestate
forestem, fretsome
foreutter, outferret
reforfeit, forfeiter
formagen, forgeman
formylal, formally
fumarole, formulae
formulator, torulaform
forritsome, ostreiform
homecroft, forthcome
forwarder, reforward
frowardly, forwardly
frowardness, forwardness
foundationer, refoundation
foundling, unfolding
fratcheous, housecraft
refreshen, freshener
refrighten, frightener
glorifiable, frigolabile
unifilar, friulian
nasofrontal, frontonasal
occipitofrontal, frontooccipital
frontoorbital, orbitofrontal
parietofrontal, frontoparietal
temporofrontal, frontotemporal
perfection, frontpiece
resistful, fruitless
frustule, sulfuret
luctiferous, fruticulose
fulminatory, unformality
fulminous, sulfonium
unfabled, fundable
funebrial, unfriable
furbisher, refurbish
refurnish, furnisher
furstone, unforest
fusteric, scutifer
geldable, gabelled
gadinine, indigena
gahrwali, garhwali
gallican, gaincall
gainless, glassine
gainstrive, vinegarist
gainturn, naturing
legatine, galenite
galewort, waterlog
gallinae, galilean
galloper, regallop
tannogallate, gallotannate
gallotannic, tannogallic
stonegall, gallstone
gallybeggar, gallybagger
notalgia, galtonia
galvanopsychic, psychogalvanic
thermogalvanometer, galvanothermometer
melalgia, gamaliel
smashage, gamashes
neuroganglion, ganglioneuron
language, ganguela
ganoidean, indogaean
ganymede, megadyne
gardenin, grenadin
garewaite, waiterage
garmenture, reargument
regarnish, garnisher
garreted, gartered
regrator, garroter
regrating, gartering
seignoral, gasoliner
gastrohepatic, hepatogastric
monogastric, gastronomic
graphostatic, gastropathic
stragular, gastrular
gatherer, regather
hermitage, geheimrat
geissospermine, spermiogenesis
gelastic, gestical
gelatinate, nagatelite
integralize, gelatinizer
segolate, gelatose
gelidness, glideness
gematria, maritage
greenable, generable
renegation, generation
neuralgic, genicular
genistein, gentisein
vigilante, genitival
genitorial, religation
ortygine, genitory
genitourinary, urinogenitary
geniture, guerinet
genizero, negroize
genotypical, ptyalogenic
genthite, teething
hydrogeology, geohydrology
isogeotherm, geoisotherm
glaciometer, geometrical
tocogenetic, geotectonic
otogenic, geotonic
regional, geraniol
gerendum, unmerged
megarian, germania
screaming, germanics
remagnification, germanification
germanify, remagnify
streaming, germanist
germanly, germanyl
minargent, germinant
geronomite, goniometer
gerontic, negrotic
monergist, gerontism
ungrieved, gerundive
gesticular, scutigeral
geyerite, tigereye
selbergite, gilbertese
ginglymoid, ginglymodi
gratiano, giornata
tetragonia, giornatate
negroidal, girandole
seraglio, girasole
girdingly, ridgingly
girdling, ridgling
girondin, nonrigid
ignatius, giustina
regalist, glaister
grainless, glariness
gloating, goatling
rigolette, gloriette
logistics, glossitic
hyoglossal, glossohyal
glossolabial, labioglossal
labioglossolaryngeal, glossolabiolaryngeal
glossolabiopharyngeal, labioglossopharyngeal
gloveress, groveless
mucilage, glucemia
glycerizine, glycerinize
phosphoglycerate, glycerophosphate
glycocin, glyconic
glycosine, lysogenic
graciously, glycosuria
gnaphalium, phalangium
tangling, gnatling
oncoming, gnomonic
nostalgic, gnostical
goatlike, togalike
goldenmouth, longmouthed
gomphrena, nephogram
gondolier, negroloid
osmogene, gonesome
gongoresque, gorgonesque
orangeist, goniaster
gonidiferous, indigoferous
gonomery, merogony
gonosome, mongoose
goodyera, goodyear
ringgoer, gorgerin
organotin, gortonian
gryposis, gossipry
treading, gradient
intergrade, gradienter
grantiidae, gradientia
granilla, grallina
marginiform, graminiform
ignoramus, graminous
gramophonist, monographist
granadine, grenadian
grandeeism, renegadism
unregard, grandeur
grandeval, landgrave
grandiose, sargonide
grandparental, grandpaternal
grangousier, gregarinous
granivore, overgrain
renography, granophyre
traguline, granulite
graperoot, prorogate
logographic, graphologic
logographical, graphological
logography, graphology
graphometer, meteorgraph
graphophonic, phonographic
hoppergrass, grasshopper
grassman, mangrass
gravamen, graveman
ragingly, grayling
greenish, sheering
gregarina, gregarian
organing, groaning
unarising, grusinian
guanamine, guineaman
uranographist, guarantorship
unsphering, gunnership
gunreach, uncharge
guttular, guttural
gymnasic, syngamic
nystagmic, gymnastic
gynospore, sporogeny
gyromitra, migratory
orography, gyrophora
hebridean, haberdine
woodhack, hackwood
hortensia, hairstone
healsome, halesome
halicore, heroical
hallower, rehallow
theogonal, halogeton
halophile, philohela
hylopathism, halophytism
halterbreak, leatherbark
hammerer, rehammer
hamulites, shulamite
sheratan, hanaster
prehandicap, handicapper
handscrape, scaphander
handstone, stonehand
handwork, workhand
langhian, hangnail
hapalotis, sapotilha
peatship, happiest
haptophoric, pathophoric
pathophorous, haptophorous
protopathic, haptotropic
hardener, reharden
herniated, hardenite
thaliard, hardtail
herbarian, harebrain
monarchial, harmonical
harnesser, reharness
harpings, phrasing
splasher, harpless
harrower, reharrow
harvester, reharvest
lustihead, hastilude
thearchy, hatchery
heatable, hateable
heatless, hateless
thematist, hattemist
hauntingly, unhatingly
haurient, huterian
rehazard, hazarder
headlight, lighthead
longhead, headlong
headnote, notehead
railhead, headrail
ringhead, headring
springhead, headspring
headstone, stonehead
stronghead, headstrong
headwater, waterhead
preheated, heartdeep
neatherdess, heartedness
rehearten, heartener
ingather, hearting
heartsome, samothere
weathered, heartweed
hebraizer, herbarize
heelpost, pesthole
hemogenic, hegemonic
reheighten, heightener
heintzite, hintzeite
heirless, hireless
helcosis, ochlesis
photoheliography, heliophotography
thiolacetic, heliotactic
helleborein, helleborine
hellicat, lecithal
helotize, hotelize
helpmeet, meethelp
minchiate, hematinic
maholtine, hematolin
methanoic, hematonic
hematosin, thomasine
hematoxic, hexatomic
hematuric, rheumatic
hemiasci, ischemia
hemiatrophy, hypothermia
mesaticephaly, hemicatalepsy
hemicrany, machinery
holohemihedral, hemiholohedral
hemiparesis, phariseeism
metatheria, hemiterata
hemologist, theologism
pneumohemothorax, hemopneumothorax
hepatocolic, otocephalic
megalohepatia, hepatomegalia
hepatonephric, phrenohepatic
hepatostomy, somatophyte
phialide, hepialid
pathogen, heptagon
promethean, heptameron
heptaploidy, typhlopidae
hepteris, treeship
heptorite, tephroite
phyletic, heptylic
heraclid, heraldic
heraldist, tehsildar
shambrier, herbarism
heretically, heterically
theoretician, heretication
herodian, ironhead
rheophile, herophile
pretheological, herpetological
herulian, inhauler
hetaerist, hesitater
hesperia, pharisee
perished, hesperid
prehension, hesperinon
seership, hesperis
heteratomic, theorematic
urethrascope, heterocarpus
heterotelic, heteroclite
heterodromy, hydrometeor
heterogynous, thyreogenous
thereology, heterology
heteromeri, moerithere
heteropathy, theotherapy
prelatehood, heteropodal
theoretic, heterotic
methanate, hetmanate
hexakisoctahedron, octakishexahedron
tetrakishexahedron, hexakistetrahedron
tetrahexahedron, hexatetrahedron
hibernate, inbreathe
wallhick, hickwall
hidrotic, trichoid
hillside, sidehill
hintproof, hoofprint
typophile, hippolyte
saintship, hispanist
histamine, semihiant
idiotish, histioid
toshnail, histonal
historic, orchitis
trichosis, historics
tithable, hittable
hodiernal, rhodaline
mahogany, hogmanay
holotonic, holconoti
hollandite, hollantide
hollower, rehollow
holocentrid, lechriodont
thiocresol, holosteric
homerian, homarine
homogeneous, homeogenous
homeotypic, mythopoeic
homeotypical, polymetochia
mesolithic, homiletics
homopolic, lophocomi
trophonema, homopteran
hookweed, weedhook
hopcalite, phacolite
notorhizal, horizontal
hornpipe, porphine
horseless, shoreless
isotheral, horsetail
shoreweed, horseweed
horsewhip, whoreship
woodhorse, horsewood
shoeless, hoseless
trophesial, hospitaler
shortage, hostager
hostless, shotless
housetop, pothouse
warmhouse, housewarm
warehouse, housewear
housework, workhouse
hovering, overnigh
unhoisted, hudsonite
inasmuch, humanics
radiohumeral, humeroradial
humoristical, humoralistic
ruthenian, hunterian
hurtfully, ruthfully
ruthfulness, hurtfulness
hurtingest, shuttering
hurtless, ruthless
hurtlessly, ruthlessly
hurtlessness, ruthlessness
shabunder, husbander
hydriodate, iodhydrate
hydriodic, iodhydric
hydriote, thyreoid
hydrocharis, hydrorachis
iodohydric, hydroiodic
orthodromy, hydromotor
hydronephrosis, nephrohydrosis
hydropneumopericardium, pneumohydropericardium
pneumohydrothorax, hydropneumothorax
hydrosulphate, sulphohydrate
hymettic, thymetic
hymnologist, smoothingly
hyothyreoid, thyreohyoid
thyrohyoid, hyothyroid
hypaethron, hypothenar
museography, hypergamous
xerophytic, hypertoxic
neophytic, hypnoetic
pythonism, hypnotism
hypnotist, pythonist
hypnotize, pythonize
hypnotoid, pythonoid
lyophobe, hypobole
radiophony, hypodorian
hypoglottis, phytologist
phonotyper, hypopteron
suprahyoid, hyporadius
phylloceras, hyposcleral
hyposmia, phymosia
hypostomatic, somatophytic
hypothec, photechy
syphiloid, hypsiloid
hysteresial, hysteriales
sheriyat, hysteria
laparohysterotomy, hysterolaparotomy
hysteromyomectomy, myomohysterectomy
hysteropathy, hysterophyta
iatraliptics, partialistic
ichnolite, neolithic
iconolater, relocation
oniomaniac, iconomania
intracoelomic, iconometrical
icterine, reincite
lamiides, idealism
leadiness, idealness
stylopidae, ideoplasty
idiomology, oligomyoid
litorinidae, idioretinal
radicose, idocrase
ignicolist, soliciting
tongrian, ignorant
omnigerent, ignorement
ilioischiac, ischioiliac
oscillaria, iliosacral
veiltail, illative
illaudatory, laudatorily
illision, illinois
illoricated, lacertiloid
migraine, imaginer
materialism, immaterials
semilimber, immersible
semiminor, immersion
impaction, ptomainic
imparter, reimpart
impartial, primatial
septarium, impasture
mendipite, impedient
impenetrable, intemperable
intemperably, impenetrably
impenetrate, intemperate
imperate, premiate
imperscriptible, imprescriptible
impersonate, proseminate
impeticos, poeticism
reimplant, implanter
impollute, multipole
pimenton, imponent
unimportance, importunance
permutation, importunate
tripsome, imposter
premious, imposure
reimpress, impresser
permissibility, impressibility
impressible, permissible
permissibleness, impressibleness
permissibly, impressibly
impression, permission
misimpression, impressionism
impressive, permissive
impressively, permissively
impressiveness, permissiveness
impressure, presurmise
imprinter, reimprint
imprisoner, reimprison
preromantic, improcreant
plumbagine, impugnable
impuritan, partinium
inactivate, vaticinate
vaticination, inactivation
inaurate, ituraean
incensation, inscenation
inceptor, pretonic
inchoate, noachite
incision, inosinic
sciurine, incisure
uncompatible, incomputable
nicotined, incondite
nongeometrical, inconglomerate
nonscientist, inconsistent
nonsanction, inconsonant
introconvertibility, incontrovertibility
introconvertible, incontrovertible
procreation, incorporate
indirected, incredited
incruental, unicentral
scrutinant, incrustant
malleoincudal, incudomalleal
unidentified, indefinitude
intended, indented
indentedly, intendedly
intendment, indentment
indentured, underntide
indeprivable, predivinable
tingitidae, indigitate
indologist, nidologist
indology, nidology
ungirdle, indulger
indument, unminted
indurate, turdinae
viduinae, induviae
ineludible, unelidible
monsieur, inermous
nectarine, inertance
inertial, linarite
infarction, infraction
refinable, inferable
inferoposterior, posteroinferior
infester, reinfest
inflamer, rifleman
inflatus, stainful
inflicter, reinflict
infringe, refining
unigenous, ingenuous
throwing, ingrowth
unailing, inguinal
reinhabit, inhabiter
invinate, innative
triannual, innatural
venation, innovate
innovationist, nonvisitation
inobtainable, nonbilabiate
unprosaic, inocarpus
myxoinoma, inomyxoma
inoperculata, precautional
inreality, linearity
sanability, insatiably
inscient, nicenist
insectan, instance
insectile, selenitic
visceration, insectivora
sinecure, insecure
inserter, reinsert
insessor, rosiness
insistent, tintiness
simonian, insomnia
reinspirit, inspiriter
installer, reinstall
transient, instanter
reinstill, instiller
instructional, nonaltruistic
sultanin, insulant
sublinear, insurable
nuisancer, insurance
insurant, unstrain
insurgent, unresting
ligation, intaglio
nestiatria, intarsiate
trampoline, intemporal
intently, nitently
interactional, intercalation
reliantly, interally
intertarsal, interastral
tridecene, intercede
intercession, recensionist
interconal, nonrecital
tinetare, intereat
interester, reinterest
interfering, interfinger
trimesitinic, interimistic
interlay, lyterian
reinflate, interleaf
interleaver, reverential
trotline, interlot
intermatch, thermantic
intermorainic, recrimination
ultraminute, intermutual
itinerantly, internality
internecive, reincentive
internee, retinene
reprotection, interoceptor
interpause, resupinate
interpave, prenative
interplea, interpeal
pantellerite, interpellate
interpollinate, interpellation
pinnothere, interphone
painterly, interplay
interplead, peridental
interpolar, reniportal
triantelope, interpolate
interposal, psalterion
neuropteris, interposure
reinterpret, interpreter
interproduce, prereduction
remontoir, interroom
interrupter, reinterrupt
larsenite, intersale
intersectional, intraselection
intersituate, tenuistriate
prescientific, interspecific
repristination, interspiration
tripersonal, intersporal
strontianite, interstation
intertalk, latterkin
intertie, retinite
intertone, retention
intervascular, vernacularist
introvenient, intervention
interverbal, invertebral
reinterview, interviewer
interwed, wintered
interwish, winterish
tinworker, interwork
overtwine, interwove
intestinovesical, vesicointestinal
inthrong, northing
intimater, traintime
intolerating, nitrogelatin
totanine, intonate
tortonian, intonator
intonement, omnitenent
intracosmic, narcoticism
intracostal, stratonical
intractile, triclinate
intraspinal, pinnitarsal
reintrench, intrencher
triactine, intricate
tigurine, intrigue
reduction, introduce
introitus, routinist
inustion, unionist
invaluable, unvailable
relieving, inveigler
vintneress, inventress
inverness, nerviness
serviential, inversatile
servetian, invertase
investigation, tenovaginitis
involucre, volucrine
ionidium, iodinium
oniscoidea, iodocasein
iodothyrin, thyroiodin
iotacist, taoistic
irenicum, muricine
mediocrity, iridectomy
osmiridium, iridosmium
rolandic, ironclad
irradiant, triandria
orbitelarian, irrationable
irredenta, retainder
irrelate, retailer
pretercanine, irrepentance
irvingiana, viraginian
sailable, isabella
sialagogic, isagogical
isatinic, sinaitic
ischiorectal, sciotherical
islamitic, italicism
ismatical, lamaistic
isocline, silicone
isodulcite, solicitude
soliative, isolative
moorship, isomorph
resilition, isonitrile
isophthalyl, lithophysal
isoptera, septoria
isosaccharic, sacroischiac
portoise, isotrope
isotropism, promitosis
isotropy, porosity
israelite, resiliate
smithian, isthmian
isthmoid, thomisid
iterable, liberate
nitratine, itinerant
jamesina, jamesian
januslike, seljukian
japonism, pajonism
justiciable, jebusitical
jingoist, joisting
jointless, joltiness
journeyer, rejourney
kalamian, malikana
karstenite, kersantite
shastraik, katharsis
keepership, shipkeeper
kemalist, mastlike
tearlike, keralite
kimberlite, timberlike
kinetomer, konimeter
kirktown, knitwork
unsickled, klendusic
stinkstone, knottiness
koromika, korimako
kreistle, triskele
labiomental, mentolabial
labionasal, nasolabial
laborism, mislabor
strobila, laborist
labrador, larboard
labridae, radiable
lacerate, lacertae
nasolachrymal, lachrymonasal
laciness, sensical
locarnize, laconizer
relacquer, lacquerer
lactarene, nectareal
matricula, lactarium
osculate, lacteous
protectional, lactoprotein
railless, lairless
leakless, lakeless
lamanite, laminate
semolella, lamellose
laminarin, linamarin
laminarite, terminalia
laminboard, lombardian
metonymical, laminectomy
lampistry, palmistry
pyramidale, lampyridae
lanceolar, olecranal
landimere, madrilene
lubberland, landlubber
reeveland, landreeve
transmold, landstorm
washland, landwash
laparosplenotomy, splenolaparotomy
lapidarist, triapsidal
talpidae, lapidate
lapstone, pleonast
larcenous, senocular
larvicide, veridical
pharyngolaryngeal, laryngopharyngeal
laryngopharyngitis, pharyngolaryngitis
maternology, laryngotome
tracheolaryngotomy, laryngotracheotomy
lastness, saltness
tenantless, latentness
stellaria, lateralis
ventrolateral, lateroventral
latheman, methanal
latibulize, utilizable
laticlave, vacillate
marialite, latimeria
latinesque, sequential
trinalize, latinizer
setirostral, latirostres
latrobite, trilobate
latrocinium, tourmalinic
latticinio, licitation
unlabiate, laubanite
relaunch, launcher
laureled, reallude
laverania, valeriana
shrieval, lavisher
leachman, mechanal
leasable, sealable
lebensraum, mensurable
olecranoid, lecanoroid
lecontite, nicolette
leptorchis, lectorship
leeringly, reelingly
leerness, lessener
legalist, stillage
legative, levigate
yeorling, legionry
leitneria, lienteria
lemonlike, melonlike
neurilema, lemurinae
lenticle, lenticel
telsonic, lentisco
tunicless, lentiscus
lionhearted, leonhardite
leonines, selenion
oilstone, leonotis
leoparde, reapdole
protelidae, leopardite
leperdom, premodel
pliosauridae, lepidosauria
lepidote, petioled
plerosis, leprosis
peltandra, leptandra
peltiform, leptiform
leptonema, ptolemean
lesional, solenial
slaughter, lethargus
reletter, letterer
lucanidae, leucadian
muscicole, leucocism
levantine, valentine
levining, nievling
levirate, relative
libationer, liberation
liberally, libellary
orbitelar, liberator
silenced, licensed
licenser, silencer
lichanos, nicholas
lickspit, lipstick
varietal, lievaart
tiglinic, lignitic
religion, ligroine
wiselike, likewise
limation, miltonia
liminess, senilism
limitary, military
limitate, militate
limitation, militation
semistill, limitless
milicent, limnetic
lindoite, tolidine
lineament, manteline
lineature, rutelinae
linometer, nilometer
linopteris, prosilient
reptilia, liparite
pliosaur, liparous
politicly, lipolytic
myolipoma, lipomyoma
myxolipoma, lipomyxoma
polypite, lipotype
sphacelation, lipsanotheca
qualitied, liquidate
liration, litorina
trisilane, listerian
resilient, listerine
listerize, sterilize
slitless, listless
trailery, literary
thirlage, litharge
methylotic, lithectomy
lithonephria, philotherian
nephrolithotomy, lithonephrotomy
thiophenol, lithophone
photolithography, lithophotography
phonolite, lithopone
tagilite, litigate
tortilla, littoral
trifolium, lituiform
liveliness, villeiness
livelong, loveling
livonian, violanin
loaminess, melanosis
oblately, lobately
lobscourse, lobscouser
lockspit, lopstick
logicalist, logistical
logicist, logistic
metrological, logometrical
logotypy, typology
lomatine, tolamine
longimanous, longanimous
longimetry, mongrelity
rodential, lorandite
overling, lovering
owlishness, lowishness
loyalism, lysiloma
lucinoid, oculinid
lucubrate, tubercula
serioludicrous, ludicroserious
lumbosacral, sacrolumbal
pluminess, lumpiness
lunation, ultonian
lungsick, suckling
solilunar, lunisolar
palustrine, lupinaster
luringly, rulingly
luscinia, siculian
shunless, lushness
lustring, rustling
lutheran, unhalter
lutianoid, nautiloid
polycodium, lycopodium
nymphalidae, lymphadenia
metaphysical, lymphectasia
lymphopenia, polyphemian
synedral, lysander
maecenas, macanese
marasmic, macarism
macrozamia, macromazia
photomacrograph, macrophotograph
romantic, macrotin
macruroid, macrourid
macrourus, macrurous
somacule, maculose
madeiran, marinade
madurese, measured
maenadism, mandaeism
magistrate, sterigmata
magnetod, megadont
medianism, maidenism
presimian, mainprise
samskara, makassar
mastological, malacologist
malhonest, mashelton
semiopal, malpoise
malposed, plasmode
melanuria, malurinae
manchester, searchment
nameling, mangelin
manipuri, unimpair
momentary, manometry
manorial, morainal
manorship, orphanism
manoscope, moonscape
manslaughter, slaughterman
mantissa, satanism
nematoda, mantodea
manualism, musalmani
unmaterial, manualiter
wardsman, manwards
marbelize, marbleize
rambling, marbling
marcescent, scarcement
marchpane, preachman
romanistic, marcionist
mareotid, mediator
regimenal, margeline
marinist, mistrain
marishness, marshiness
maritality, martiality
maritally, martially
marketable, tablemaker
treemaker, marketeer
marketer, remarket
romanian, maronian
romanist, maronist
marquesan, squareman
marrowed, romeward
remarshal, marshaler
martinico, mortician
marysole, ramosely
simulcast, masculist
masonite, misatone
seamster, masseter
sneaksman, masskanne
metatarse, masterate
streamful, masterful
masterless, streamless
streamlike, masterlike
masterling, streamling
masterly, myrtales
mastership, shipmaster
masterwork, workmaster
masterwort, streamwort
mastiche, misteach
seminomata, mastomenia
mastotomy, stomatomy
tamelessness, matelessness
ramental, maternal
thamesis, mathesis
mathetic, thematic
matricular, trimacular
matrocliny, romanticly
romantism, matronism
metabular, maturable
natatorium, maturation
underream, maunderer
maypoling, pygmalion
messaline, mealiness
meandrous, roundseam
mischance, mechanics
meconioid, monoeidic
protocneme, mecopteron
streamside, mediatress
physicomedical, medicophysical
medioventral, ventromedial
meditator, trematoid
moonglade, megalodon
omphalogenous, megalophonous
splenomegalia, megalosplenia
pseudimago, megapodius
millennia, melanilin
melanism, slimeman
melanogen, melongena
melastoma, metasomal
meletski, stemlike
meliatin, timaline
mentorial, meliorant
mesolite, melitose
modelist, melodist
telonism, melonist
meloplasty, myeloplast
metropole, melotrope
melungeon, nonlegume
menaspis, semispan
myelomeningitis, meningomyelitis
myelomeningocele, meningomyelocele
ulsterman, menstrual
mentalize, mentzelia
montanite, mentation
tergeminous, mentigerous
mephisto, pithsome
meristem, mimester
microsthene, merosthenic
osmometer, merostome
mesalike, seamlike
semaphore, mesohepar
mesological, semological
semology, mesology
mesonotum, momentous
ventromesal, mesoventral
seminasal, messalian
metalist, smaltite
smalltime, metallism
metaphor, trophema
pharmacolite, metaphorical
palmatisect, metaplastic
metropathic, metatrophic
meteoristic, meteoritics
meteoroid, odiometer
metreless, meterless
methylic, thymelic
tomentose, metosteon
remasticate, metrectasia
monometrical, metronomical
metrophlebitis, phlebometritis
metroptosia, prostomiate
metrostyle, stylometer
mhometer, ohmmeter
millrace, micellar
promonarchist, micranthropos
microcephal, prochemical
pyrochemical, microcephaly
microcinema, microcnemia
microcrith, trichromic
somatopleuric, micropetalous
microphagy, myographic
microphone, neomorphic
morphotic, microphot
photomicrograph, microphotograph
microphotographic, photomicrographic
photomicrography, microphotography
microphotoscope, photomicroscope
prosectorium, micropterous
micropyle, polymeric
microradiometer, radiomicrometer
microspectroscope, spectromicroscope
stromatic, microstat
osmometric, microstome
midstory, modistry
mildness, mindless
polemist, milepost
ramillie, milliare
minatory, romanity
poimenic, mincopie
verminal, minerval
miniator, triamino
misinter, minister
myristin, ministry
minnetaree, nemertinea
omnimeter, minometer
minutely, untimely
steaming, misagent
misandry, myrsinad
misattend, tandemist
shammish, mishmash
semiball, mislabel
simeonism, misoneism
misperception, perceptionism
misperform, preformism
misphrase, seraphism
pedalism, misplead
spiralism, misprisal
misreform, reformism
misrelate, salimeter
misreporter, reporterism
misrepresentation, representationism
misrepresenter, remisrepresent
misrepute, septerium
shimmery, misrhyme
missioner, remission
psellism, misspell
suggestionism, missuggestion
mistradition, traditionism
teratism, mistreat
mistrial, trialism
tutorism, mistutor
misunderstander, remisunderstand
sminthian, mitannish
miteproof, timeproof
mithraicist, mithraistic
motorcab, mobocrat
modenese, needsome
moderant, normated
monstricide, modernistic
styledom, modestly
neoterism, moistener
moisture, semitour
morality, molarity
monactin, montanic
nomadical, monadical
nomadically, monadically
nomadian, monadina
monadism, nomadism
monarchy, nomarchy
oysterman, monastery
moyenless, moneyless
moronity, monitory
monitress, sermonist
monoclinous, monoclonius
monocracy, nomocracy
monocystidea, monocystidae
monodram, romandom
monoecian, neocomian
monogenist, nomogenist
nomogenous, monogenous
monogeny, nomogeny
nomogram, monogram
nomography, monography
nomological, monological
nomology, monology
morphonomic, monomorphic
monopathy, pathonomy
permonosulphuric, monopersulphuric
monophote, motophone
monophyllous, nomophyllous
postnominal, monoplanist
monopsychism, psychomonism
monopteral, protonemal
monotheism, nomotheism
monotheist, thomsonite
nomothetic, monothetic
toponymal, monotypal
monotypic, toponymic
monotypical, toponymical
monozoic, zoonomic
semimoron, monroeism
unmomentary, monumentary
mootstead, stomatode
unmorbid, moribund
mornless, normless
morphotropic, protomorphic
morrisean, rosmarine
urosomatic, mortacious
mortuarian, muratorian
outmarry, mortuary
tumorous, mortuous
tarsonemid, mosandrite
motherward, threadworm
photogram, motograph
tomographic, motographic
mucoserous, seromucous
mudstone, unmodest
muishond, unmodish
volunteerism, multinervose
murmurer, remurmur
muscarine, sucramine
semuncia, muscinae
mussaenda, unamassed
musterer, remuster
tenesmus, muteness
tumescence, mutescence
ultimate, mutilate
mutilation, ultimation
tumulary, mutulary
phagocytism, mycophagist
sclerotomy, mycosterol
symmetric, mycterism
myctodera, radectomy
myeloneuritis, neuromyelitis
myocolpitis, polysomitic
pythagorism, myographist
myoplastic, polymastic
myoplasty, polymasty
myopolar, playroom
myotenotomy, tenomyotomy
myrialitre, myrialiter
myriametre, myriameter
myristate, tasimetry
smyrniote, myristone
salimetry, mysterial
thermography, mythographer
thermogeny, mythogreen
thermology, mythologer
sensilla, nailless
siphonal, nailshop
nanosomia, nosomania
phthalazine, naphthalize
narcaciontes, transoceanic
narcotism, romancist
narcotist, stratonic
narcotize, zirconate
nariform, raniform
tornarian, narration
sailsman, nasalism
nasoorbital, orbitonasal
palatonasal, nasopalatal
septonasal, nasoseptal
venality, natively
nativist, visitant
nectarinia, natricinae
tentorial, natrolite
naturalistic, unartistical
unartistic, naturistic
naturistically, unartistically
paulinus, nauplius
navalist, salivant
uncavalier, naviculare
navigant, vaginant
navigate, vaginate
triazine, nazirite
necessarian, renaissance
necropoles, preconsole
necrotomic, oncometric
nectaried, tridecane
nectarious, recusation
nectarlike, trancelike
needfire, redefine
seldseen, needless
timesaving, negativism
reneglect, neglecter
negritian, retaining
negritoid, rodingite
solentine, nelsonite
unminable, nelumbian
tenontophyma, nematophyton
noegenesis, neogenesis
neogenetic, noegenetic
philoneism, neophilism
neoplastic, pleonastic
neornithes, rhinestone
percolation, neotropical
nepheloscope, phonelescope
phenological, nephological
phenologist, nephologist
phenology, nephology
nephrocardiac, phrenocardiac
phrenocolic, nephrocolic
phrenologist, nephrologist
phrenology, nephrology
nephropathic, phrenopathic
nephropathy, phrenopathy
nephropsidae, praesphenoid
prosiphonate, nephroptosia
pyelonephritis, nephropyelitis
nephropyosis, pyonephrosis
nephrosis, phronesis
strophomena, nephrostoma
phonometer, nephrotome
phonometry, nephrotomy
neritina, retinian
neritoid, retinoid
nervation, vernation
nestlike, skeletin
nettable, tentable
nettapus, stepaunt
unsortable, neuroblast
resinously, neurolysis
psychoneurological, neuropsychological
psychoneurosis, neuropsychosis
resinous, neurosis
tripyrenous, neurotripsy
rutylene, neuterly
trimensual, neutralism
unalertly, neutrally
neutralness, unalertness
niccolous, occlusion
nicesome, semicone
nicotianin, nicotinian
tonicize, nicotize
nidation, notidani
uniradial, nidularia
nidulate, untailed
thinglike, nightlike
nightman, thingman
niloscope, scopoline
recension, ninescore
ninevite, nivenite
nisqualli, squillian
stationer, nitrosate
vinosity, nivosity
nocardia, orcadian
selenosis, noiseless
noisette, teosinte
nominature, numeration
nonagent, tannogen
nonmanila, nonanimal
tsonecan, noncaste
nonrectified, noncertified
nonreaction, noncreation
noncreative, nonreactive
noncurantist, unconstraint
recondensation, nondesecration
nonempirical, prenominical
nonerudite, unoriented
unchosen, nonesuch
nonhepatic, pantheonic
ontogenal, nonlegato
remontant, nonmatter
nonmoral, nonmolar
nonoriental, nonrelation
nonpaternal, nonparental
nonpearlitic, pratincoline
nonplane, nonpenal
nonrated, nontrade
nonreverse, nonreserve
unintoned, nonunited
nonvaginal, novanglian
noontide, notioned
nordicity, tyrocidin
trionymal, normality
noseless, soleness
solenite, noselite
nosesmart, storesman
notarially, rationally
rationate, notariate
notation, tonation
toneless, noteless
notelessly, tonelessly
tonelessness, notelessness
notopterus, portentous
renourish, nourisher
washington, nowanights
nuciferous, unciferous
nuciform, unciform
nucleator, recountal
nucleoid, uncoiled
nudeness, unsensed
numberer, renumber
numerist, terminus
nunciate, uncinate
nuncioship, pincushion
untanned, nunnated
nutarian, turanian
unthatch, nuthatch
nutramin, ruminant
nycterine, renitency
stycerin, nycteris
tunicary, nycturia
sabotine, obeisant
objectative, objectivate
violability, obliviality
subcantor, obscurant
subnarcotic, obscurantic
obscurantist, substraction
obturate, tabouret
obversely, verbosely
occasioner, reoccasion
temporooccipital, occipitotemporal
ocherous, ochreous
postthoracic, octastrophic
suctorial, ocularist
uranoscope, oenocarpus
rosolite, oestriol
oestrual, rosulate
reoffend, offender
offuscate, suffocate
offuscation, suffocation
oniomania, oinomania
oireachtas, theocrasia
oleosity, otiosely
umbonial, olibanum
oligoclase, sociolegal
oligophrenia, oligonephria
oligophrenic, oligonephric
oliprance, porcelain
violaceous, olivaceous
olivescent, violescent
velation, olivetan
violette, olivette
olympian, polymnia
oncosimeter, semicoronet
somnorific, onisciform
ontological, tonological
ontology, tonology
pleionian, opalinine
opdalite, petaloid
ropeable, operable
pignorate, operating
preocular, opercular
ophidion, ophionid
tropaion, opinator
opiniastre, opiniaster
petitionary, opiniatrety
opsiometer, opisometer
spheration, opisthenar
potableness, optableness
potation, optation
optative, potative
topically, optically
topography, optography
topological, optological
topologist, optologist
topology, optology
optometer, potometer
optophone, topophone
optotype, topotype
orbulina, unilobar
orchestre, orchester
radiotron, ordinator
organismic, organicism
organicist, organistic
orientalist, relationist
reornament, ornamenter
orniscopic, scorpionic
ornithomantic, orthantimonic
prototherian, ornithoptera
orphical, rhopalic
orthogamy, othygroma
orthologian, orthogonial
ortstein, tenorist
socinian, oscinian
osmatism, somatism
osmophore, sophomore
scotomatic, osmotactic
ostentation, tionontates
sostenuto, ostentous
stereotomic, osteometric
stereotomical, osteometrical
stereotomy, osteometry
socratean, ostracean
socratism, ostracism
ostracize, socratize
socotran, ostracon
otherist, theorist
oughtness, toughness
untroubled, outblunder
outburst, subtutor
outsubtle, outbustle
taurocol, outcarol
outcharm, outmarch
outdance, uncoated
outerness, outreness
uranolite, outlinear
untoiled, outlined
outmaster, outstream
outpaint, putation
outpitch, pitchout
peritomous, outpromise
urometer, outremer
outsaint, titanous
outshake, shakeout
taphouse, outshape
outshine, tinhouse
outsideness, tediousness
solitude, outslide
urosteon, outsnore
torulose, outsoler
unposted, outspend
sprouting, outspring
outspurn, portunus
ratitous, outstair
outstand, standout
outstate, outtaste
tetterous, outstreet
throughout, outthrough
tutorial, outtrail
outturned, untutored
watchout, outwatch
ovariotubal, tuboovarial
revocation, overaction
overactive, revocative
removable, overblame
overbowl, overblow
overburden, overburned
overcall, vocaller
overrace, overcare
overcirculate, uterocervical
ravendom, overdamn
overward, overdraw
overreward, overdrawer
provider, overdrip
overdust, overstud
overtide, overedit
overfilm, veliform
reoverflow, overflower
overgaiter, revigorate
revolting, overglint
overhate, overheat
verdelho, overheld
overinsist, versionist
overknee, overkeen
oversalt, overlast
overlean, valerone
overlisten, oversilent
overlive, overveil
overmantle, overmantel
overstream, overmaster
overname, overmean
overtimer, overmerit
overneat, renovate
overpaint, pronative
passover, overpass
overpick, pickover
overplain, parvoline
overpointed, predevotion
overtare, overrate
oversale, overseal
veraciousness, oversauciness
overseen, veronese
slipover, overslip
spreadover, overspread
overstir, servitor
traversion, overstrain
overstrew, overwrest
overthrow, overwroth
overthwart, thwartover
overtime, remotive
overtrade, overtread
turnover, overturn
overwalk, walkover
ownership, shipowner
oxyphenol, xylophone
thyreosis, oysterish
phonetical, pachnolite
phacometer, pachometer
pachylosis, phacolysis
pacifistic, pacificist
polyactinal, pactionally
spanemia, paeanism
shippage, pageship
paguridae, paguridea
pagurine, perugian
paillasse, palliasse
spinales, painless
palaeornis, personalia
palaestrics, paracelsist
palatial, palliata
talapoin, palation
paleness, paneless
parliament, palermitan
pontificalia, palification
palinodist, plastinoid
palisade, salpidae
pallette, platelet
palluites, pulsatile
palmilobated, palmatilobed
palmette, template
palmister, prelatism
papolatry, palpatory
platerer, palterer
paludina, paludian
plaustral, palustral
panatela, plataean
pandemia, pedimana
panderly, repandly
pentamerid, pandermite
panderous, repandous
paniculitis, paulinistic
pinnacle, pannicle
piscation, panoistic
panornithic, rhaponticin
pantalone, pantaleon
pantarchy, pyracanth
papalistic, papistical
popliteal, papillote
sapphire, papisher
piscatorial, paracolitis
paradisaic, paradisiac
paradisiacally, paradisaically
sparidae, paradise
paragrapher, reparagraph
paraphrenic, paranephric
paranephritis, paraphrenitis
unpharasaic, parasuchian
parasyntheton, thysanopteran
phanariot, parathion
parazoan, zaparoan
seraphic, parchesi
pardoner, preadorn
parentalia, planetaria
parentalism, paternalism
parentality, paternality
preindicate, parenticide
squamosoparietal, parietosquamosal
parietotemporal, temporoparietal
parietovisceral, visceroparietal
portrayal, parlatory
parmesan, spearman
premosaic, paroecism
parosela, psoralea
parosteal, pastorale
postaortic, parostotic
parotitic, patriotic
parotitis, topiarist
parovarium, vaporarium
spadrone, parsoned
preseason, parsonese
parsonic, scoparin
taphrina, parthian
tapering, partigen
repartition, partitioner
passional, sponsalia
strepera, pasterer
pastoral, proatlas
pastural, spatular
tarpeian, patarine
petchary, patchery
patiently, platynite
phratriac, patriarch
patroclinous, pratincolous
transpose, patroness
repatent, pattener
patterer, pretreat
patterner, repattern
patulent, petulant
vapidity, pavidity
synaptera, peasantry
woodpecker, peckerwood
pencatite, pectinate
pinnatopectinate, pectinatopinnate
pecunious, puniceous
perlidae, pedalier
predetail, pedaliter
pedantic, pentacid
pilastered, pedestrial
pedometrician, premedication
pelasgoi, spoilage
planetoid, pelidnota
pellation, pollinate
pellotine, pollenite
potential, peltation
pyrgocephaly, pelycography
princely, pencilry
unplanted, pendulant
unpleated, pendulate
pennatuloid, pendulation
repentable, penetrable
repentance, penetrance
penetrant, repentant
pertinence, penitencer
pinnulated, pennatulid
septennium, pennisetum
repension, pensioner
pentameroid, predominate
pentitol, pointlet
peracute, preacute
preadventure, peradventure
preamble, peramble
preambulate, perambulate
perambulation, preambulation
perambulatory, preambulatory
periclean, percaline
preception, perception
perceptive, preceptive
preceptively, perceptively
preceptual, perceptual
preceptually, perceptually
perchloric, prechloric
perclose, preclose
percolate, prelocate
precompound, percompound
pernoctation, percontation
perculsion, preclusion
preclusive, perculsive
precurrent, percurrent
percursory, precursory
percussioner, repercussion
procuress, percussor
perdicine, recipiend
pregainer, peregrina
perendure, underpeer
predefect, perfected
prefectly, perfectly
perfervid, prefervid
prefoliation, perfoliation
perforative, prefavorite
performant, preformant
preformative, performative
prehazard, perhazard
perianth, triphane
sparterie, periaster
phrenicopericardiac, pericardiacophrenic
pleuropericardial, pericardiopleural
perithece, perichete
periploca, pericopal
periculant, unprelatic
pigeoner, perigone
perilous, uropsile
perimeter, peritreme
perineovaginal, vaginoperineal
praseolite, periosteal
precipitate, peripatetic
peripatidea, peripatidae
periplaneta, prepalatine
supplier, periplus
periportal, peritropal
prepositure, peripterous
perirectal, prerecital
periscian, precisian
periscopal, sapropelic
perishment, reshipment
perisomal, semipolar
perispome, preimpose
prestomial, peristomal
pterylosis, peristylos
peritropous, proprietous
peterkin, perknite
prelection, perlection
perlingual, prelingual
perlitic, triplice
permeance, premenace
permeant, peterman
permeation, preominate
pretermit, permitter
premixture, permixture
pernasal, prenasal
preorally, perorally
perorate, retepora
perosmate, sematrope
pluriseptate, perpetualist
reperplex, perplexer
perscribe, prescribe
perseity, speerity
pictorialness, personalistic
responde, personed
tephrite, perthite
perthitic, tephritic
perturbational, protuberantial
pertussal, supersalt
perusable, superable
preserve, perverse
perversion, preversion
pessoner, response
pesticidal, septicidal
pestiferous, septiferous
petaline, tapeline
petalism, septimal
platelike, petallike
repetition, petitioner
pterographer, petrographer
pterographic, petrographic
petrographical, pterographical
pterylographical, petrographically
rantepole, petrolean
petrolic, plerotic
pterylological, petrologically
polestar, petrosal
petrosquamosal, squamopetrosal
phaethonic, theophanic
pharisean, seraphina
rhinopharyngitis, pharyngorhinitis
shapeless, phaseless
shopmaid, phasmoid
stephana, pheasant
phenicate, phenacite
phenetole, telephone
pinochle, phenolic
photopile, philopoet
theophilist, philotheist
zoophilic, philozoic
zoophilist, philozoist
phloretic, plethoric
phocaean, phocaena
phocaenine, phoenicean
phonetics, sphenotic
thiopyran, phoniatry
photophone, phonophote
radiophone, phoronidea
rephotograph, photographer
prototheme, photometer
photostereograph, stereophotograph
phototelegraph, telephotograph
phototelegraphic, telephotographic
telephotography, phototelegraphy
phototypography, phytotopography
phrenics, pinscher
plastochrone, phrenocostal
phylloidal, phyllodial
podophyllous, phyllopodous
physalite, styphelia
physiocrat, psychotria
physiopsychological, psychophysiological
physiopsychology, psychophysiology
phytogenesis, pythogenesis
pythogenetic, phytogenetic
pythogenous, phytogenous
phytometer, thermotype
phytometric, thermotypic
phytometry, thermotypy
somnopathy, phytomonas
typhosis, phytosis
pianiste, pisanite
picktooth, toothpick
pulicidal, picudilla
workpiece, piecework
prentice, piercent
pierlike, ripelike
pigeontail, plagionite
pilastric, triplasic
pillarist, pistillar
pristane, pinaster
princelike, pincerlike
pirssonite, trispinose
spiciferous, pisciferous
spiciform, pisciform
sparteine, pistareen
pistillary, spiritally
pityroid, pyritoid
planation, platonian
replantable, planetabler
plasmodial, psalmodial
plasmodic, psalmodic
replaster, plasterer
plastery, psaltery
postmedial, plastidome
platinous, pulsation
platysternal, transeptally
playgoer, pylagore
pleasure, serpulae
pleasurer, reperusal
plurennial, plenilunar
prophloem, pleomorph
traphole, plethora
tropaeolum, pleurotoma
pleurovisceral, visceropleural
plicator, tropical
plighter, replight
procaciously, plousiocracy
replunder, plunderer
pneumonopathy, pneumatophony
pyopneumothorax, pneumopyothorax
repocket, pocketer
podarthritis, traditorship
podiceps, scopiped
podoscaph, scaphopod
podostomata, stomatopoda
podostomatous, stomatopodous
poetastrical, spectatorial
presystole, poetryless
terpinol, pointrel
solenopsis, poisonless
polychloride, policyholder
repolish, polisher
polistes, telopsis
polyadic, polyacid
polyorchism, polychroism
polycitral, tropically
polyeidic, polyideic
polyideism, polyeidism
proselyte, polyester
polymyoid, polymyodi
polyphonist, psilophyton
polyprene, propylene
polypterus, suppletory
polyspore, prosopyle
telephony, polythene
praenomina, pomeranian
predonate, ponderate
ponderation, predonation
reponder, ponderer
porodine, poneroid
pontederia, proteidean
ponticular, untropical
porcelanite, praelection
ropelike, porelike
poritidae, triopidae
porpentine, prepontine
pyrophorus, porphyrous
portension, protension
reportage, porterage
pretorship, portership
profiter, portfire
portioner, reportion
pronotal, portolan
portsider, postrider
spongily, posingly
sopition, position
reposition, positioner
possessioner, repossession
posterial, saprolite
posterior, repositor
posterosuperior, superoposterior
postgenial, spangolite
posthaste, tosephtas
slipcoat, postical
postischial, sophistical
postlike, spotlike
postnaris, sopranist
sarcoplast, postsacral
signpost, postsign
postuterine, pretentious
womanpost, postwoman
potlatch, tolpatch
potmaker, topmaker
topmaking, potmaking
tipstock, potstick
topstone, potstone
powderer, repowder
powerful, upflower
praelabrum, preambular
receptoral, praelector
praepostor, pterospora
praetorian, reparation
prasinous, psaronius
prasophagous, saprophagous
pratfall, trapfall
preacher, repreach
precative, preactive
preactively, precatively
walloper, preallow
repudiatory, preauditory
precaution, unoperatic
precreed, preceder
rheoscope, prechoose
precipitator, prepatriotic
respondence, precondense
pronunciable, preconnubial
preconsultor, supercontrol
torpescent, precontest
precreditor, predirector
predatism, spermatid
repleader, predealer
prederive, redeprive
presidente, predestine
psiloceratid, prediastolic
predication, procidentia
prediscretion, redescription
spiderlike, predislike
preobtrude, predoubter
prefiction, proficient
unhamper, prehuman
preinduce, unpierced
prelumbar, prelabrum
prelation, rantipole
prelusion, repulsion
repulsive, prelusive
repulsively, prelusively
prelusory, repulsory
premolar, premoral
premonetary, pyranometer
prevomer, premover
premusical, superclaim
reception, prenotice
preopinion, prionopine
preoption, protopine
prepollent, propellent
proletarian, prerational
prerealization, proletarianize
reperceive, prereceive
prerefer, reprefer
replanter, prerental
prescapular, supercarpal
prescient, reinspect
scalpture, prescutal
presenter, represent
pretensively, presentively
pretensiveness, presentiveness
presently, serpently
preshare, rephrase
stereograph, preshortage
president, serpentid
serriped, presider
pressive, viperess
prestant, transept
prestate, pretaste
prestock, sprocket
prestrain, transpire
preterient, triterpene
recarpet, pretrace
pretrain, terrapin
pretransmission, transimpression
reprieval, prevailer
provenient, prevention
prickfoot, tickproof
spritehood, priesthood
stripeless, priestless
spenerism, primeness
promiser, primrose
princeite, recipient
prisometer, spirometer
proathletic, prothetical
probationer, reprobation
procedure, reproduce
proceeder, reproceed
scalloper, procellas
receiptor, procerite
procession, scorpiones
reproclaim, proclaimer
pterocera, procreate
reprohibit, prohibiter
prolacrosse, sclerospora
prolapse, sapropel
reptatorial, proletariat
proletary, pyrolater
proselenic, prolicense
prolongate, protogenal
propinoic, propionic
triplopia, propitial
proportioner, reproportion
propraetorial, protoperlaria
troparion, proration
proreduction, reproduction
prosaist, protasis
pterosaur, prosateur
reinspector, prosecretin
serpolet, proteles
reprotest, protester
spermatogonium, protomagnesium
protoparent, protopteran
protopathy, protophyta
tropophyte, protophyte
protophytic, tropophytic
sulphoproteid, protosulphide
prototrophic, trophotropic
protreaty, reptatory
putredinal, prudential
psalmister, spermalist
strapless, psaltress
pseudelytron, unproselyted
psychomancy, scyphomancy
somatopsychic, psychosomatic
psychotechnology, technopsychology
psychotheism, theopsychism
stoppeur, pteropus
publisher, republish
puckball, pullback
undumped, pudendum
pulpiter, repulpit
pulpstone, unstopple
punctilio, unpolitic
upcurrent, puncturer
punisher, repunish
punishment, unshipment
xanthopurpurin, purpuroxanthin
pustulose, stupulose
putanism, sumpitan
turpidly, putridly
sipylite, pyelitis
ureteropyelogram, pyeloureterogram
septicopyemia, pyosepticemia
pyosepticemic, septicopyemic
pyretogenic, pyrogenetic
pyrocomenic, pyromeconic
pyruline, unripely
quadrula, quadrual
quencher, requench
queriman, ramequin
questioner, requestion
semiquote, quietsome
quintato, totaquin
rachianectes, rhacianectes
satirical, racialist
reductional, radiolucent
radiotelephone, teleradiophone
supinator, rainspout
rakestele, rakesteel
rambutan, tamburan
rareripe, repairer
sparingly, raspingly
raspingness, sparingness
ratanhia, rhatania
ratherest, shatterer
raticidal, triadical
realization, rationalize
rattlesome, saltometer
ravenelia, veneralia
ravigote, rogative
srivatsan, ravissant
realmlet, tremella
sarcenet, reascent
reattraction, retractation
rebounder, underrobe
recantation, triacontane
receivables, serviceable
recidivous, veridicous
recision, soricine
victoriate, recitativo
versicule, reclusive
reconnoitre, reconnoiter
recontinue, unctioneer
resource, recourse
vesicorectal, rectovesical
unerratic, recurtain
verrucous, recurvous
recusance, securance
reflected, redeflect
rederivation, veratroidine
redesman, seamrend
redintegrator, retrogradient
rondelet, redolent
withered, redwithe
reworked, reedwork
reformist, restiform
syringeful, refusingly
regelation, relegation
reregister, registerer
urogenital, regulation
reshearer, rehearser
ultrasterile, reillustrate
repermission, reimpression
santorinite, reinstation
reintrude, unretired
servient, reinvest
reiterable, reliberate
relativization, revitalization
relativize, revitalize
relevation, revelation
termital, remittal
remitter, trimeter
remunerate, renumerate
renumeration, remuneration
renavigate, vegetarian
rendition, trinodine
renitent, trentine
retonation, renotation
rerental, rentaler
reordinate, treronidae
repeater, repartee
supertare, repasture
repercussive, superservice
repiningly, ripeningly
terpeneless, repleteness
repressive, respersive
reputative, vituperate
sanctioner, resanction
scratcher, rescratch
rescuable, securable
resection, secretion
secretional, resectional
reversable, reservable
reversedly, reservedly
reverseful, reserveful
reserveless, reverseless
reserver, reverser
reservist, reversist
sharpener, resharpen
reshoulder, shoulderer
showerer, reshower
resinize, sirenize
resinlike, sirenlike
resistance, senatrices
resisting, sistering
sisterless, resistless
resketch, sketcher
softener, resoften
sojourner, resojourn
solderer, resolder
soliciter, resolicit
solutioner, resolution
respectless, scepterless
retinispora, respiration
spiriter, respirit
splender, resplend
respread, spreader
springer, respring
squeaker, resqueak
restiffen, stiffener
stitcher, restitch
sealwort, restowal
restraighten, straightener
strengthener, restrengthen
stresser, restress
restretch, stretcher
reverist, restrive
succeeder, resucceed
sufferer, resuffer
suggester, resuggest
ulstering, resulting
summoner, resummon
superheater, resuperheat
resupination, uranospinite
resupport, supporter
superpose, resuppose
superposition, resupposition
suppresser, resuppress
surrenderer, resurrender
surrounder, resurround
suspecter, resuspect
swallower, reswallow
telarian, retainal
tetrander, retardent
retaxation, tetraxonia
telegrapher, retelegraph
temperer, retemper
retenant, tenanter
retender, tenderer
rethatch, thatcher
rethrash, thrasher
threader, rethread
threatener, rethreaten
thresher, rethresh
rethrill, thriller
rethrust, thruster
rethunder, thunderer
reticent, tencteri
ticketer, reticket
tightener, retighten
retimber, timberer
trilineate, retinalite
tinkerer, retinker
retinular, trineural
serinette, retistene
retraction, triaconter
traditioner, retradition
retransform, transformer
retransplant, transplanter
retransport, transporter
trencher, retrench
sturionine, reunionist
reunpack, unpacker
upholder, reuphold
reupholster, upholsterer
uplifter, reuplift
revarnish, varnisher
revenant, venerant
reverend, revender
reveneer, veneerer
reversewise, revieweress
versioner, reversion
vierling, reviling
visioner, revision
transitive, revisitant
revolute, truelove
rewallow, wallower
weakener, reweaken
whisperer, rewhisper
whitener, rewhiten
withdrawer, rewithdraw
theocratic, rheotactic
rhetoricals, trochlearis
rhetorize, theorizer
unhairer, rhineura
rhipidate, thripidae
thornhead, rhodanthe
seerhood, rhodeose
sparerib, ribspare
rigation, trigonia
ringtail, trailing
tireless, riteless
ritelessness, tirelessness
ritualize, uralitize
silvester, rivetless
virginly, rivingly
rocktree, rocketer
roomward, wardroom
rosehead, sorehead
sororial, rosorial
trostera, rostrate
rotarian, tornaria
rotulian, uranotil
toruliform, rotuliform
rotundate, unrotated
titanofluoride, rotundifoliate
roundhead, unhoarded
souredness, rousedness
rousting, stouring
wordiness, rowdiness
wheelroad, rowelhead
solitary, royalist
rubescent, subcenter
rubiator, torrubia
urbification, rubification
urination, ruination
urinator, ruinator
ruinousness, urinousness
unlyrical, runically
supertrain, rupestrian
russelia, siruelas
rutilant, turntail
tursenoi, rutinose
sabellid, slidable
suitable, sabulite
saccomyian, saccomyina
sacculoutricular, utriculosaccular
scarification, sacrification
scarificator, sacrificator
sacripant, spartanic
sacrovertebral, vertebrosacral
sailoring, signorial
sainfoin, sinfonia
salangid, salading
scylliidae, salicylide
salience, secaline
salinoterreous, soliterraneous
salivate, vestalia
stational, saltation
samaritan, sarmatian
seraphim, samphire
sanctity, scantity
sanderling, slandering
sanitize, satinize
triassic, sarcitis
sarmentous, tarsonemus
sateless, seatless
tessella, satelles
satellite, telestial
sittinae, satinite
tarsitis, satirist
saturation, titanosaur
tartarous, saturator
saturnism, surmisant
satyrlike, streakily
sauceline, seleucian
scabbler, scrabble
scambler, scramble
scaphism, scampish
scapeless, spaceless
scrapple, scappler
scraping, scarping
scatterer, streetcar
spectered, sceptered
scillitan, scintilla
solaristics, scissortail
silcrete, sclerite
scobicular, scrobicula
subcortical, scorbutical
scorbutically, subcortically
scrouger, scourger
spicular, scripula
scuffler, scruffle
seaplane, spelaean
sentencer, secernent
sedimetric, semidirect
serabend, seerband
sheeting, seething
seignorial, seignioral
seismotic, societism
sizeable, seizable
sellably, syllable
semeostoma, semostomae
smachrie, semiarch
semicircle, semicleric
semilunar, unrealism
semiovaloid, semiovoidal
unmortised, semirotund
submarine, semiurban
semivector, viscometer
supermoisten, sempiternous
sensilia, silesian
senusism, sensuism
tenonitis, sentition
spareable, separable
septentrio, tripestone
statoscope, septocosta
torinese, serotine
serpentian, serpentina
supertension, serpentinous
serpiginous, spinigerous
superideal, serpulidae
superline, serpuline
serrature, treasurer
silverize, servilize
trusteeism, sestertium
testable, settable
undersow, sewround
shafting, tangfish
shivaism, shaivism
shearman, shareman
sharesman, shearsman
straighten, shattering
shillaber, shearbill
wardship, shipward
shipwork, workship
wormship, shipworm
shoeblack, shockable
shoebrush, shorebush
shooting, soothing
shopwork, workshop
starshot, shotstar
shouting, southing
thusness, shutness
slickery, sickerly
slicking, sickling
sidership, spiderish
sideways, sidesway
trackside, sidetrack
walkside, sidewalk
sidlingly, slidingly
slightily, sightlily
slightiness, sightliness
signable, singable
tinselly, silently
silicane, silicean
titanosilicate, silicotitanate
silicotungstate, tungstosilicate
tungstosilicic, silicotungstic
snaillike, silkaline
siltlike, slitlike
silverlike, sliverlike
woodsilver, silverwood
sintoism, simonist
simpleton, spoilment
simplicist, simplistic
skinlike, sinklike
sinoatrial, solitarian
uncleship, siphuncle
stenosis, sisseton
tsiology, sitology
skeeling, sleeking
smirkish, skirmish
skirting, striking
skirtingly, strikingly
strinkle, sklinter
slashing, slangish
slangishly, slashingly
slangster, strangles
slavonic, volscian
speelless, sleepless
sleetiness, steeliness
sleeting, steeling
sleetproof, steelproof
slovenian, venosinal
tyronism, smyrniot
spanless, snapless
snatchable, stanchable
snipebill, spinebill
spinelike, snipelike
sobralite, strobilae
solecist, solstice
zealotism, solmizate
solotnik, solotink
splanchnosomatic, somatosplanchnic
somnambule, summonable
sonnetwise, swinestone
storable, sortable
sortilegus, strigulose
sortiment, trimstone
striolae, soterial
soumansite, stamineous
southlander, southerland
woodness, sowdones
sprangle, spangler
stapling, spatling
spattering, tapestring
spearmint, spermatin
telespectroscope, spectrotelescope
sperling, springle
spermatozoic, zoospermatic
steplike, spikelet
splendid, spindled
spindler, splinder
unipersonal, spinoneural
spiraloid, sporidial
unsimple, splenium
striplet, splitter
spoonyism, symposion
trichosporum, sporotrichum
zoosporic, sporozoic
spotlessness, stoplessness
spottedly, spotteldy
surgeonship, springhouse
spurtive, upstrive
sumptuary, sputumary
sputumous, sumptuous
squameous, squeamous
stoccata, staccato
stackman, tacksman
thanatism, staithman
stigmatical, stalagmitic
stampede, stepdame
standstill, stillstand
staringly, strayling
taistrel, starlite
tsarship, starship
waitress, starwise
statable, tastable
tasteful, stateful
statefully, tastefully
statefulness, tastefulness
stateless, tasteless
statement, testament
staurion, sutorian
stayable, teasably
steatornis, treasonist
tonetics, stenotic
sterculia, urticales
stereotelescope, telestereoscope
trainless, sternalis
sternovertebral, vertebrosternal
stickler, strickle
unmystical, stimulancy
stonewood, woodstone
stormwind, windstorm
straightup, upstraight
strainerman, transmarine
strategi, strigate
strelitz, streltzi
streptotrichosis, streptothricosis
stretcherman, trenchmaster
strippit, trippist
trisonant, strontian
theatropolis, strophiolate
sturgeon, strounge
struthian, unathirst
upstater, stuprate
sturdiness, undistress
suability, usability
sualocin, unsocial
subalpine, unspiable
subscapular, subcapsular
subleader, subdealer
subessential, suitableness
unambush, subhuman
unsatable, sublanate
sublative, vestibula
subumbral, sublumbar
subnitrate, subtertian
upsettable, subpeltate
subserve, subverse
turbanless, substernal
subterraneal, unarrestable
unembased, sunbeamed
sunlighted, unslighted
unsashed, sunshade
unenterprised, superintender
supernacular, supranuclear
supertotal, tetraplous
trumperiness, surprisement
urogaster, surrogate
suspectible, susceptible
ustorious, sutorious
sweatful, wasteful
sweatily, tileways
sweatless, wasteless
sweatproof, wasteproof
swingtree, westering
wordsmanship, swordmanship
syodicon, syconoid
sympathy, symphyta
treatably, tabletary
teachless, tacheless
urticant, taciturn
tainture, unattire
taistril, trialist
taligrade, tragedial
talpicide, talipedic
tanagridae, tangaridae
tarantara, tantarara
tantrism, transmit
tapestry, tryptase
thracian, taranchi
targetman, termagant
tarpaulin, unpartial
tartrate, tartaret
triratna, tartarin
tatarize, zaratite
tattlery, tatterly
untaught, taungthu
trametes, teamster
telestic, testicle
tellurian, unliteral
temulent, unmettle
urosternite, tenuiroster
terebinthian, terebinthina
tramline, terminal
testicular, trisulcate
triental, tetralin
unrostrated, tetrandrous
tetrasporic, triceratops
tractile, tetrical
toreutics, tetricous
trochate, theocrat
treehood, theodore
whitleather, therewithal
thersitical, trachelitis
thlinget, thinglet
underbreathing, thunderbearing
thundering, underthing
whatreck, thwacker
thyreoidal, thyroideal
thyrogenic, trichogyne
thyroprivic, vitrophyric
timework, worktime
trinoctial, tinctorial
tiresmith, tritheism
titleboard, trilobated
todayish, toadyish
tyrolite, toiletry
tonsorial, torsional
tritocone, torticone
trisector, tortrices
ungothic, touching
touristy, yttrious
ultramontane, tournamental
triangula, tragulina
transanimation, transamination
transposer, transprose
travertine, trinervate
trenchwise, winchester
tressful, turfless
tressour, trousers
turbinate, tribunate
unhistoric, trichinous
triorchism, trichroism
tricolumnar, ultramicron
trigonid, tringoid
tylerism, trimesyl
vitrailist, trivialist
troutless, tutorless
truculent, unclutter
tunbellied, unbilleted
turbined, underbit
turnhall, unthrall
utricular, turricula
wegotism, twigsome
twinkler, wrinklet
twitchety, witchetty
tyrsenoi, tyrosine
ulcerous, urceolus
urolithic, ulotrichi
umbellar, umbrella
unabhorred, unharbored
unadmire, underaim
unadmired, undermaid
unadored, unroaded
unsailed, unaisled
unmarginal, unalarming
untotalled, unallotted
unaltered, unrelated
unaltering, unrelating
unamenability, unnameability
unnameable, unamenable
unamenableness, unnameableness
unnameably, unamenably
unarrested, unserrated
untaunted, unattuned
unavertible, unveritable
unbreaded, unbearded
unbereaved, unbeavered
unbelied, unedible
unboiled, unilobed
underorb, unborder
unboweled, unelbowed
uncelebrated, unbraceleted
unbribed, unribbed
unfibered, unbriefed
unbroiled, underboil
unbrushed, underbush
unburned, unburden
unbuttered, unrebutted
uncambered, unembraced
unmacerated, uncamerated
uncapable, unpacable
usucaption, uncaptious
uncartooned, uncoronated
uncasked, unsacked
uncoagulated, uncatalogued
uncaused, unsauced
uncenter, unrecent
unrectifiable, uncertifiable
unrectified, uncertified
unhackled, unchalked
unmarching, uncharming
uncharred, underarch
uncheating, unteaching
unhocked, unchoked
undeclare, uncleared
uncollapsed, unscalloped
uncolored, undercool
uncomplaint, uncompliant
unconcerted, unconcreted
unconversable, unconservable
uncorked, unrocked
uncorseted, unescorted
uncostumed, uncustomed
unscoured, uncoursed
unrevocable, uncoverable
underclad, uncradled
uncreased, undercase
uncreatable, untraceable
uncreatableness, untraceableness
unreactive, uncreative
undirected, uncredited
undersect, uncrested
undercook, uncrooked
undarken, unranked
undashed, unshaded
unreceived, undeceiver
undecorated, undercoated
unfielded, undefiled
undeified, unedified
unlibeled, undelible
undelight, unlighted
uneluded, undelude
undeluding, unindulged
undemanded, unmaddened
undepraved, unpervaded
unredacted, underacted
underaid, unraided
unmarred, underarm
underbeak, underbake
underbrush, undershrub
underchap, unparched
undercut, unreduct
undreaded, underdead
underdive, underived
unordered, underdoer
underdown, undrowned
underdrag, undergrad
underdraw, underward
underfiend, unfriended
unfrilled, underfill
unferried, underfire
wonderful, underflow
underfur, unfurred
unwronged, undergown
unregarded, undergrade
underheat, unearthed
underhonest, unshortened
underhorse, undershore
unkindred, underkind
unfederal, underleaf
unreleased, underlease
unrelegated, underlegate
underlid, unriddle
underlive, unreviled
undermade, undreamed
undermaker, unremarked
undermaster, understream
unermined, undermine
unstormed, undermost
undermotion, unmonitored
undernote, undertone
undernoted, undertoned
underpay, unprayed
unpricked, underpick
underpier, underripe
unreplied, underpile
underpose, unreposed
unperuked, underpuke
underseam, unsmeared
unsharpened, undershapen
undesired, underside
undersoil, unsoldier
underspar, unsparred
understain, unstrained
understand, unstranded
unmerited, undertime
undertitle, unlittered
untrowed, undertow
undertread, unretarded
undertutor, untortured
underwage, unwagered
underwrap, underwarp
unwavered, underwave
undeserve, unsevered
unedited, undieted
undirect, untriced
undiscerned, unrescinded
undiverse, unrevised
undrugged, ungrudged
unneared, unearned
unearnest, uneastern
unearthly, urethylan
unelapsed, unpleased
unenabled, unendable
unginned, unending
unenervated, unvenerated
unenviable, unveniable
unenvied, unveined
unquietable, unequitable
unreputed, unerupted
unexceptable, unexpectable
unexcepted, unexpected
unexcepting, unexpecting
unfillable, unfallible
unfarmed, unframed
unfeeding, unfeigned
unfleeing, unfeeling
unfloured, unfoldure
unforested, unfostered
unfroward, unforward
unfriending, uninfringed
unganged, unnagged
unsharing, ungarnish
ungenerable, ungreenable
ungirthed, unrighted
ungraphic, uparching
unignored, ungroined
unlathed, unhalted
unhaltered, unlathered
unhearsed, unsheared
untithable, unhittable
unpermissible, unimpressible
unpermissive, unimpressive
unintended, unindented
unsigneted, uningested
unruined, uninured
unsensitive, unitiveness
unkilned, unlinked
unpalped, unlapped
unlasting, unslating
unsealable, unleasable
unsealed, unleased
unveiled, unlevied
unsilenced, unlicensed
unloaned, unloaden
unloader, urodelan
unlooped, unpooled
unlooted, untooled
unroweled, unlowered
unmantle, unmental
unmashed, unshamed
unmeated, unteamed
unmemoried, unmemoired
unmotived, unvomited
venutian, unnative
untented, unnetted
unrepaid, unpaired
unparceled, unreplaced
unpenetrable, unrepentable
unphrased, unsharped
unpursued, unusurped
unpursuing, unusurping
unreeving, unveering
unreinstated, unstraitened
unrented, untender
unripened, unrepined
unripening, unrepining
unrescued, unsecured
unsistered, unresisted
unsceptered, unrespected
unroused, unsoured
untoured, unrouted
unroyalist, unsolitary
unscared, unsacred
unsadden, unsanded
unsainted, unstained
unsheeted, unseethed
unsizeable, unseizable
unsepulchre, unsepulcher
unversed, unserved
unsignable, unsingable
unstanch, unsnatch
unsombre, unsomber
unspectrelike, unspecterlike
unstatable, untastable
unstateable, untasteable
unstated, untasted
untasting, unstating
unstayed, unsteady
unstrewed, unwrested
unsuspectible, unsusceptible
unsuspective, unsusceptive
untriable, untirable
untreadable, untradeable
usselven, unvessel
upstreet, upsetter
vaginovesical, vesicovaginal
valencia, valiance
villadom, vallidom
varletry, veratryl
vonsenite, veinstone
veinwise, vinewise
venatorial, venoatrial
verbality, veritably
verberate, vertebrae
viceregal, vicegeral
victrola, vortical
viraginous, vinaigrous
vulcanite, vinculate
viperian, viperina
vitreous, virtuose
volcanist, viscontal
voltaite, volitate
winterage, wagnerite
weakliness, weaselskin
wierangle, weirangle
whitetop, whitepot
withewood, whitewood
windless, wildness
wisewoman, womanwise
withering, wrightine
wormwood, woodworm
worthful, wrothful
worthily, wrothily
worthiness, wrothiness
xanthine, xanthein
xylonite, xylitone
zoanthidae, zoanthidea
zolotnik, zolotink
blaeness, sensable, ableness
neoarctic, anorectic, accretion
acentric, encratic, nearctic
nectarous, acentrous, courtesan
acetanilid, laciniated, teniacidal
ditrochean, achondrite, ordanchite
machinator, chariotman, achromatin
medicatory, acidometry, radiectomy
aconital, anatolic, actional
cationic, itaconic, aconitic
nicotian, inaction, aconitin
somatics, massicot, acosmist
cidaridae, acrididae, cardiidae
socratic, sarcotic, acrostic
diatonic, naticoid, actinoid
crepitation, actinopteri, precitation
demoniast, ademonist, staminode
ploceidae, adipocele, cepolidae
dilatory, idolatry, adroitly
afebrile, fireable, balefire
ganoidian, agoniadin, anangioid
organize, agonizer, orangize
stangeria, agrestian, gerastian
lactosuria, lactarious, alacritous
alangine, angelina, galenian
balanite, albanite, nabalite
alcidine, lecaniid, danielic
geranial, regalian, algerian
alligate, allagite, talliage
psalterian, palestrian, alpestrian
relatability, bilaterality, alterability
altruistic, ultraistic, truistical
barosmin, sabromin, ambrosin
armistice, ameristic, artemisic
amnionate, anamniote, emanation
paramine, amperian, pearmain
chorasmian, anachorism, maraschino
analcite, anticlea, laitance
archsaint, cantharis, anarchist
ranchero, reanchor, anchorer
ancillary, cranially, carlylian
onanistic, antiscion, anconitis
aneurism, sumerian, arsenium
angelical, galenical, englacial
angiometer, ergotamine, geometrina
mantidae, animated, mandaite
anisette, atestine, settaine
anisoptera, asperation, separation
reanneal, annealer, lernaean
anorthic, anthroic, tanchoir
panelation, antelopian, neapolitan
tantalean, antenatal, atlantean
dentaria, anteriad, atridean
anthracia, catharina, antiarcha
cantiness, incessant, anticness
curtation, ructation, anticourt
apenteric, increpate, anticreep
uniflorate, fluorinate, antifouler
remaintain, maintainer, antimerina
maldonite, monilated, antimodel
antinegro, argentino, argention
nonmartial, nonmarital, antinormal
antipolo, optional, antipool
antipsoric, ascription, crispation
untraceried, antireducer, reincrudate
sporification, antisoporific, prosification
antitrope, tritanope, patronite
antivice, vineatic, inactive
coeternal, tolerance, antrocele
taperness, apertness, peartness
aphrodite, atrophied, diaporthe
aporetic, capriote, operatic
lagniappe, panplegia, appealing
appearer, rapparee, reappear
arrestable, arbalester, arbalestre
costmary, mascotry, arctomys
denigrate, argentide, dinergate
arithmic, mithraic, mithriac
mallardite, malladrite, armillated
marocain, macaroni, armonica
arsenation, sonneratia, senatorian
marshite, meharist, arthemis
secretarian, reascertain, ascertainer
spartina, aspirant, partisan
aspiring, singarip, praising
saleratus, reassault, assaulter
assenter, sarsenet, reassent
assentor, starnose, essorant
treasonish, reastonish, astonisher
ganister, astringe, gantries
storiate, ostraite, astroite
austrian, saturnia, asturian
syndicate, asyndetic, cystidean
technica, catechin, atechnic
marchite, rhematic, athermic
tertiana, reattain, attainer
attender, nattered, reattend
bailsman, nabalism, balanism
breakless, brakeless, bakerless
basaltine, balanites, stainable
bradenhead, barehanded, headbander
rabbanite, barnabite, rabbinate
suasible, issuable, basileus
bemaster, bestream, beamster
bletilla, tillable, belltail
versable, beslaver, servable
beslings, glibness, blessing
betailor, orbitale, laborite
bicornate, carbonite, reboantic
binocular, caliburno, colubrina
bridling, birdling, lingbird
oblation, boltonia, lobation
urbinate, braunite, urbanite
fiberless, briefless, fibreless
cadinene, enneadic, decennia
loricate, calorite, erotical
mesorectal, calotermes, metacresol
melodica, comedial, cameloid
camerate, racemate, macerate
matrices, ceramist, camerist
recancel, clarence, canceler
canephor, chaperno, chaperon
sanction, sonantic, canonist
tetanical, cantalite, lactinate
corsaint, cantoris, castorin
procaine, coprinae, caponier
dircaean, caridean, radiance
carmeloite, ectromelia, meteorical
decoration, carotenoid, coronadite
prelacteal, carpellate, parcellate
politarch, trophical, carpolith
formulaic, cauliform, fumarolic
enclaret, celarent, centrale
celloidin, collidine, decillion
cementer, cerement, recement
remittence, centimeter, recitement
centinormal, conterminal, nonmetrical
centriole, electrion, relection
centurial, lucretian, ultranice
cornutine, continuer, centurion
reliance, cerealin, cinereal
ceroplastic, cleistocarp, coreplastic
rectification, cretification, certification
cortisone, socotrine, certosino
numerical, ceruminal, melanuric
cetomorphic, chemotropic, ectomorphic
chaldron, chondral, chlordan
trachyte, ratchety, chattery
teachery, cytherea, cheatery
chelonid, chelidon, delichon
theatricism, chrismatite, chemiatrist
machilis, chiliasm, hilasmic
chlorinate, ectorhinal, tornachile
omniarch, choirman, harmonic
rhizoctonia, chorization, zonotrichia
chromotype, ectomorphy, cormophyte
chromotypic, cormophytic, mycotrophic
cinclidae, icelandic, cicindela
citramide, diametric, matricide
tetracid, citrated, tetradic
citronade, redaction, endaortic
condalia, cladonia, diaconal
monocleid, melodicon, clinodome
coadunite, noctuidae, education
occurrent, cocurrent, uncorrect
coinsure, cusinero, corineus
coontail, location, colation
colpitis, psilotic, politics
monometric, commorient, metronomic
procnemial, complainer, recomplain
enforcer, confrere, reconfer
mucinoid, oncidium, conidium
consenter, nonsecret, reconsent
inoculant, unctional, continual
correctant, recontract, contracter
corkwood, rockwood, woodrock
reclusion, cornelius, inclosure
octonare, coronate, otocrane
corradiate, eradicator, cortaderia
corselet, selector, sclerote
octarius, cotarius, suctoria
leucosis, coulisse, ossicule
counterplead, counterpaled, unpercolated
countervair, overcurtain, recurvation
nectarian, cratinean, incarnate
interlaced, credential, reclinated
decanter, nectared, crenated
uroseptic, euproctis, crepitous
supersonic, percussion, croupiness
reticular, curtailer, recruital
graticule, curtilage, cutigeral
lecturess, truceless, cutleress
cymation, myatonic, onymatic
cytostome, ostectomy, cystotome
medicator, decimator, mordicate
precited, decrepit, depicter
redefeat, federate, defeater
gadolinite, deligation, gelatinoid
draintile, interlaid, deliriant
demipronation, predomination, preadmonition
medimnos, demonism, misnomed
entomoid, demotion, moontide
unraised, desaurin, denarius
dendrites, distender, redistend
indulgential, linguidental, dentilingual
dentinal, tendinal, teinland
undermeal, denumeral, unrealmed
trepidation, departition, partitioned
depencil, penciled, pendicle
leptidae, pileated, depilate
reversed, deserver, reserved
designer, resigned, redesign
doctrinate, tetarconid, detraction
unstoried, tinderous, detrusion
servitude, divesture, detrusive
overrude, overdure, devourer
gonadial, ganoidal, diagonal
psocidae, diascope, scopidae
mastoideal, mastoidale, diatomales
theriodic, erichtoid, dichroite
untilted, dilutent, untitled
patricide, dipicrate, pediatric
perdition, direption, tropidine
midrange, margined, dirgeman
subdeltaic, discutable, subdialect
hinderest, tenderish, disherent
disnature, truandise, sturnidae
verditer, redivert, diverter
imolinda, limoniad, dominial
reginald, ringlead, dragline
dragoman, ondagram, garamond
unblasted, dunstable, unstabled
sphyrnidae, sphyraenid, dysphrenia
unrebated, underbeat, eburnated
pericles, eclipser, resplice
economism, monoecism, monosemic
ectoglia, geotical, goetical
egocentric, ectrogenic, geocentric
gearless, rageless, eelgrass
eglantine, legantine, inelegant
relegate, eglatere, regelate
sciential, elasticin, inelastic
entailer, treenail, elaterin
staminate, tasmanite, emanatist
emporium, proemium, pomerium
meningeal, malengine, enameling
runcinate, encurtain, uncertain
endearing, engrained, grenadine
ethenoidal, endothelia, ethanediol
enervator, venerator, renovater
ravenish, vanisher, enravish
signalee, ensilage, genesial
satinette, enstatite, intestate
tarentine, entertain, terentian
intercome, entomeric, morencite
prenotion, entropion, pontonier
impleader, epidermal, premedial
episodal, lapidose, sepaloid
petechial, epithecal, phacelite
heterism, etherism, erethism
orogenetic, erotogenic, geocronite
espringal, presignal, relapsing
hereinto, etherion, heronite
thecitis, theistic, ethicist
theological, ethological, lethologica
metaxenia, examinate, exanimate
fastener, fenestra, refasten
festination, infestation, sinfonietta
toadflower, floodwater, waterflood
reunfold, unfolder, flounder
fosterer, reforest, forester
informal, formalin, laniform
forminate, taeniform, fremontia
reinfect, infecter, frenetic
galenist, stealing, genitals
gamogenetic, gametogenic, geomagnetic
phrenogastric, nephrogastric, gastrophrenic
lagonite, gelation, legation
magister, gemarist, sterigma
geranomorph, monographer, nomographer
marigenous, gramineous, germanious
malinger, germinal, maligner
glandered, regladden, gladdener
organoid, gordonia, rigadoon
gradation, indagator, tanagroid
nomographical, gramophonical, monographical
pictography, graphotypic, typographic
tailoring, largition, gratiolin
integrious, grisounite, grisoutine
grounded, underdog, undergod
gyration, organity, ortygian
pantheic, pithecan, haptenic
streamhead, headstream, headmaster
sinkhead, nakedish, headskin
helcotic, ochletic, lochetic
seraphine, phrenesia, hesperian
rheotropic, horopteric, trichopore
shoreman, horseman, rhamnose
whosomever, howsomever, whomsoever
iodinate, ideation, taenioid
ilmenite, menilite, melinite
minacity, intimacy, imitancy
semipronation, impersonation, prosemination
importancy, pyromantic, patronymic
reimport, importer, promerit
incrustate, scrutinate, scaturient
reintend, indenter, intender
resident, indesert, inserted
indirect, reindict, indicter
indiscrete, indiscreet, iridescent
indiscretely, iridescently, indiscreetly
indurable, unbrailed, unridable
reinform, informer, reniform
ordainer, reordain, inroader
nephritis, inspreith, phrenitis
reinstruct, intercrust, instructer
reinsult, insulter, lustrine
teraglin, triangle, integral
vertiginate, integrative, vinaigrette
nemertoid, interdome, mordenite
interlap, triplane, repliant
intermat, martinet, tetramin
intermine, nemertini, terminine
sclerotinia, intersocial, orleanistic
paternalist, intraseptal, prenatalist
inverter, reinvert, trinerve
rethicken, kitchener, thickener
satinlike, saintlike, kleistian
uroglena, lagunero, organule
lairstone, orleanist, serotinal
relament, remantle, lamenter
laminose, semolina, lemonias
palinode, lapideon, pedalion
largeness, rangeless, regalness
sparling, springal, laspring
laterite, teretial, literate
nataloin, national, latonian
leatherer, releather, tarheeler
lemurian, malurine, rumelian
relumine, meruline, lemurine
levanter, revelant, relevant
levitation, tonalitive, velitation
ligament, metaling, tegminal
lightener, relighten, threeling
lightness, thingless, nightless
milestone, limestone, melonites
roselite, tirolese, literose
owlishly, sillyhow, lowishly
uncellar, lucernal, nucellar
revictual, victualer, lucrative
pulicide, lupicide, pediculi
lustreless, lusterless, resultless
ustulina, nautilus, lutianus
lymnaeid, medianly, maidenly
marabuto, marabout, tamboura
microtinae, marcionite, remication
simulance, masculine, semuncial
pastimer, maspiter, primates
restream, masterer, streamer
semidormant, memorandist, moderantism
smaltine, stileman, mentalis
trisemic, meristic, trimesic
semicrome, microseme, mesomeric
mesropian, promnesia, spironema
semisteel, messelite, teleseism
metronome, monometer, monotreme
origanum, moringua, mirounga
misdealer, misleared, misleader
orientalism, misrelation, relationism
monetary, naometry, myronate
nomistic, monistic, nicotism
monograph, phonogram, nomograph
ontologism, nomologist, monologist
onosmodium, omnimodous, monosodium
unmisled, unsmiled, muslined
sturmian, turanism, naturism
nazirate, nazarite, triazane
tensible, nebelist, stilbene
necrotomy, normocyte, oncometry
neolatry, tyrolean, ornately
prehnite, nephrite, trephine
prehnitic, nephritic, phrenitic
nervulose, unresolve, vulnerose
unrealist, neuralist, ulsterian
saturnine, neustrian, sturninae
orotinan, ornation, noration
rotalian, rational, notarial
positron, notropis, sorption
octavian, vacation, octavina
tocometer, octometer, rectotome
sorediate, ostreidae, oestridae
oestroid, ordosite, ostreoid
sciaenoid, oscinidae, oniscidae
sportulae, sporulate, opulaster
organism, orangism, sinogram
resonate, orestean, stearone
tirolean, oriental, relation
outthrow, throwout, outworth
overdear, overread, overdare
overlead, overlade, overdeal
versation, overstain, servation
trouvere, overture, overtrue
pactional, pactolian, placation
polyhalite, polythelia, paleolithy
prenatal, parental, paternal
paternally, parentally, prenatally
sparable, parsable, prebasal
plicater, prelatic, particle
transportee, paternoster, prosternate
peronial, proalien, pelorian
underlap, pendular, uplander
pendulum, unlumped, unplumed
reprobate, perborate, prorebate
prereform, performer, reperform
periodicalist, proidealistic, peridiastolic
proteidae, periodate, proetidae
promisee, perisome, reimpose
prettiness, presentist, persistent
previous, pervious, viperous
previously, perviously, viperously
perviousness, viperousness, previousness
petalless, pleatless, plateless
petrolage, petrogale, prolegate
pterography, petrography, typographer
splenophrenic, phrenosplenic, splenonephric
phytogenic, typhogenic, pythogenic
zoophyta, phytozoa, zoopathy
populism, pompilus, pimplous
serapist, piratess, tarsipes
prolation, ploration, portional
prenodal, polander, ponderal
premorality, polarimetry, temporarily
poristical, saprolitic, polaristic
pression, ropiness, poriness
spoilation, spoliation, positional
stopless, postless, spotless
pulsator, sportula, postural
resprout, posturer, sprouter
precation, recaption, preaction
predirect, repredict, precredit
predator, protrade, teardrop
repermit, premerit, preremit
pretensive, presentive, vespertine
presustain, supersaint, puritaness
protistic, proctitis, tropistic
prorevision, provisioner, reprovision
supernal, purslane, serpulan
pyrenoid, pyrodine, pyridone
triequal, requital, quartile
searcher, research, rechaser
rewarder, redrawer, warderer
truncated, reductant, traducent
revelator, veratrole, relevator
reserval, reversal, slaverer
resignal, signaler, seringal
sliverer, resilver, silverer
resmooth, romeshot, smoother
snatcher, stancher, resnatch
restorer, resorter, retrorse
transire, strainer, restrain
restring, stringer, ringster
resuspend, suspender, unpressed
retheness, thereness, threeness
retravel, revertal, traveler
timorese, rosetime, tiresome
salamandarin, salamandrian, salamandrina
swordman, wordsman, sandworm
spectral, sceptral, scraplet
seminule, semilune, selenium
slangily, singally, signally
skinless, sinkless, silkness
trouserian, ternarious, souterrain
spondaic, spondiac, spadonic
suspector, spectrous, susceptor
staminal, tailsman, talisman
tarnside, stradine, strained
unstoical, suctional, sulcation
thoracic, trochaic, tocharic
unsorted, tonsured, unstored
tribunal, turbinal, untribal
underthane, unadherent, underneath
unclaimed, undecimal, unmedical
ungardened, underanged, undangered
underdig, ungirded, unridged
unerased, undersea, unseared
unsinged, undesign, unsigned
untinseled, unenlisted, unlistened
unshaled, unhalsed, unlashed
unhasped, unshaped, unphased
unscepter, unsceptre, unrespect
unstaled, unslated, unsalted
unteased, unsedate, unseated
reobtain, obtainer, abrotine, baritone
threaden, adherent, neatherd, headrent
cameration, maceration, aeromantic, racemation
farcetta, afteract, artefact, farctate
analcime, calamine, alcamine, camelina
sclerotia, sectorial, sarcolite, alectoris
crotaline, alectrion, clarionet, locarnite
antilemic, melanitic, metanilic, alimentic
altiscope, alopecist, scapolite, epicostal
interlapse, episternal, alpestrine, presential
ultraism, altruism, muralist, traulism
american, camerina, cinerama, amacrine
narcotina, carnation, cantorian, anarcotin
arcanite, anaretic, carinate, craniate
antechoir, heatronic, hectorian, anchorite
harmonistic, chrismation, chiromantis, anchoritism
nadorite, rodentia, andorite, ordinate
inornate, nonirate, reanoint, anointer
radicant, antacrid, tridacna, cardiant
metrician, antimeric, carminite, criminate
centuria, anuretic, centauri, teucrian
mateship, spithame, shipmate, aphetism
cibarian, arabinic, carabini, cabirian
arctoidean, dinocerata, carotidean, cordaitean
eretrian, retainer, arretine, eritrean
arsedine, sedanier, arsenide, siderean
teresina, teresian, arsenite, resinate
cartesian, cartisane, ascertain, sectarian
reassort, oratress, assertor, assorter
eatberry, teaberry, rebetray, betrayer
irascent, cestrian, canister, cisterna
recreant, canterer, recanter, terrance
carnalite, nectarial, claretian, lacertian
directer, redirect, cedriret, recredit
recedent, centered, decenter, decentre
terrence, recenter, recentre, centerer
codamine, comedian, daemonic, demoniac
colleter, coteller, coterell, recollet
domestic, comedist, demotics, docetism
courante, cornuate, cuneator, outrance
craniota, narcotia, raincoat, croatian
creational, reactional, laceration, crotalinae
discrete, discreet, desertic, creedist
teniacide, taenicide, deciatine, diacetine
dermatine, meandrite, demetrian, minareted
ironside, derision, resinoid, sirenoid
isolated, solidate, diastole, sodalite
dimetria, triamide, tiremaid, mitridae
raphides, parished, diphaser, sephardi
enlister, relisten, esterlin, listener
entoplastic, tenoplastic, spinotectal, tectospinal
plaister, epistlar, pilaster, priestal
epistoler, perseitol, pistoleer, peristole
erection, renotice, nocerite, neoteric
eroticism, trioecism, meroistic, isometric
segreant, sternage, sergeant, estrange
germanite, mangerite, germinate, gramenite
monographic, phonogramic, nomographic, gramophonic
phonogramically, gramophonically, nomographically, monographically
targeman, mangrate, grateman, mentagra
undergoer, reundergo, guerdoner, undergore
metreship, metership, herpetism, temperish
otherism, theorism, homerist, isotherm
hypnotic, phytonic, typhonic, pythonic
interest, insetter, interset, sternite
sinister, reinsist, sisterin, insister
lacertine, reclinate, intercale, interlace
repletion, terpineol, interlope, interpole
peritenon, preintone, pinnotere, interpone
inventer, reinvent, ventrine, vintener
maneless, maleness, nameless, lameness
retinula, rutelian, lutrinae, tenurial
mainpast, mantispa, panamist, stampian
mateless, tameless, meatless, teamless
nemalite, meletian, metaline, melanite
monaster, storeman, nearmost, monstera
tomorrow, wormroot, moorwort, rootworm
pleonasm, neoplasm, splenoma, polesman
organist, signator, roasting, orangist
pantelis, plastein, penalist, panelist
pastiche, scaphite, paschite, pistache
tesseral, tasseler, rateless, tearless
trainster, retransit, restraint, transiter
stainless, saintless, saltiness, slatiness
undesert, underset, unrested, sederunt
untraced, uncrated, underact, uncarted
reaction, creation, actioner, anerotic, ceration
creatine, increate, iterance, centiare, aneretic
ramisection, creationism, reactionism, anisometric, miscreation
attermine, interteam, antimeter, terminate, tetramine
reticula, lucretia, treculia, arculite, cutleria
oestrian, asterion, rosinate, arsonite, serotina
seatrain, artesian, erastian, asternia, asterina
tinoceras, tricosane, certosina, ostracine, atroscine
connarite, cotarnine, container, crenation, narcotine
guardeen, unagreed, underage, ungeared, dungaree
vileness, liveness, vineless, veinless, evilness
partimen, tripeman, premiant, pairment, imperant
morenita, romanite, martinoe, maronite, minorate
sophister, storeship, prothesis, tephrosis, posterish
unspared, undersap, unspread, unrasped, unparsed
undeserver, unreversed, unreserved, underverse, underserve
cornelia, acrolein, lonicera, colinear, creolian, arecolin, caroline